//		GET http://chat.stackexchange.com/search?q=programmers&Room=20298&User=125580&pagesize=50&sort=newest
//			GET http://chat.stackexchange.com/search?q=programmers&Room=20298&User=125580&page=2&pagesize=50&sort=newest

1 hmm.. maybe I should have put this on <a href="http://programmers.stackexchange.com/">programmers.stackexchange.com</a>?
1 try on <a href="https://programmers.stackexchange.com/help/on-topic">programmers</a>
1 try on <a href="http://programmers.stackexchange.com/help/on-topic">programmers</a>
1 try on <a href="http://programmers.stackexchange.com">programmers</a>
0 see question on <a href="http://programmers.stackexchange.com/q/179807/60171">programmers</a>
1 this question would be a better fit at programmers
0 a dummy comment containing programmers

2 @EugeneMayevski'EldoSCorp If it's not about programming then why direct someone to Programmers?  License questions are allowed at programmers but this question wouldn't fit there either.  Programmers is for Q&A, just like the rest of StackExchange.  Stack Overflow Chat is the place to go for discussions.  GlenH7 1 min ago
0 This would be hard even if you had programming skills. How about setting a password instead, so only trusted people can work with it? If you really need this as a VBA macro, you should hire someone who can do this. This site is a Q&A site for programmers, to learn. We are happy to help you with problems, but "I need code dictated to me" is not something we can help you with.  nvoigt 33 secs ago
2 @zenith Nope, this question would be closed as too broad on Programmers as well. Please read through their on-topic guidelines and their Where to start? meta discussion to better understand why such a question would not be well received there.  amon 41 secs ago
		Debug("@user2348184 - there's insufficient information to answer this question.  It would get closed and possibly downvoted on Programmers.  GlenH7 1 min ago
2 actually this is a technical question about a code bug so it is a fit for SO, not programmers.SE. Though there's more than a few good questions about LSP on programmers, this one being about a specific PHP implementation that seems to have bugs is more specific and better for SO I'd say.  Jimmy Hoffa 2 mins ago
2 @roryap this is a bad fit for Programmers, see meta.programmers.stackexchange.com/questions/6582/ Recommended reading: What goes on Programmers.SE? A guide for Stack Overflow  gnat 8 secs ago
2 @TylerH this would be a bad fit for Programmers, see meta.programmers.stackexchange.com/questions/6483/ Please stop using Programmers.SE as your toilet bowl  gnat 1 min ago
2 @GladstoneKeep - This question wouldn't be a good fit on Programmers either.  In essence, it's a toolset implementation question ("How do I make Foo do blah?") which is off-topic on Progs.  Conceptual project organization question ("why should I structure like this...") can sometimes be on topic.  This question looks to be seeking implementation details.  GlenH7 48 secs ago
0 Please don't answer questions that are clearly off-topic. It encourages more off-topic questions, as askers may feel they can get an answer anyway even though it's off-topic. This site is for programming and programmers tools related questions, not general computer or OS use questions.  Ken White 25 secs ago
0 :-))) I agree with you somewhat. I've migrated to Java then Scala after C++11. Actually C++ is now too complex and too broad for single language - this results 'several languages in one'. But reality is - C programmers often learn C++ and (which makes the deal) then they return to C and become real programmers - after this they start to be language-agnostic. :-|  Roman Nikitchenko 1 min ago
		
1 This is an important topic, but possibly too broad for a Stack Overflow question! You might also find some relevant answers on https://programmers.stackexchange.com/
0 @MANOJ, in other words, don't forget about basic programming when using Angular. :) What is there to post as answer?I suggest you delete this question as it has little to do with Angular and is unlikely to benefit future Angular programmers.  New Dev 59 secs ago
0 Stack Overflow is a Question and Answer site for programmers, not a  code-writing service, you need a freelance programmer for that. As it stands that makes your question off-topic for this site as it's not about a specific programming problem. However if you make an attempt at this yourself and run into problems feel free to ask about them here.  Aiken 3 mins ago
0 I thought the purpose of this site was if you're lost on something in programming and you need help from other programmers, you ask because maybe they have some kind of a solution. What you want me to do, ask something I don't need help with? I haven't received an answer, so i thought i'd try again. Nothing wrong with that.  Alex 53 secs ago
0 @Eliran, you may want to go investigate the other 6000-odd questions on {big-o, complexity-theory, time-complexity, space-complexity} to see if they need closing as well :-) While it may be a CS topic, that doesn't necessarily mean it doesn't belong here as well. Complexity analysis of algorithms is of concern to programmers, at least those that want to write efficient code.  paxdiablo 1 min ago
0 I was just trying to explain this more clearly? Is it not clear? Your response is pretty rude and unhelpful. I thought this site was for programmers to help each other ? Am I wrong?  Lateralus 29 secs ago
0 The fact that you haven't been able to find this very basic information yourself speaks volumes - please remember that this site is for professional and enthusiast programmers, not absolute beginners. Learn the very basics of the language you're working in first, then start trying to use it  Clive 38 secs ago



0 This questions seems to be off-topic here, on StackOverflow, which is a QA site for programmers; but it might be better suited for ServerFault.  Dmitry Alexandrov 1 min ago
2 @BrianTompsett It definitely does not belong at programmers.  Simon Andr Forsberg 1 min ago
2 @BrianTompsett - This would be too broad for programmers as well.  Programmers is focused on Q&A (just like all of StackExchange) and is not a discussion site.  GlenH7 1 min ago

2 @dk14 Please stop using Programmers.SE as your toilet bowl. See meta.programmers.stackexchange.com/questions/6483/  gnat 1 min ago
2 @bluefog Please stop using Programmers.SE as your toilet bowl. See meta.programmers.stackexchange.com/questions/6483/  gnat 26 secs ago
2 @Barmar Please stop using Programmers.SE as your toilet bowl. See meta.programmers.stackexchange.com/a/6488/40980  gnat 57 secs ago
2 @Dai Please stop using Programmers.SE as your toilet bowl. See meta.programmers.stackexchange.com/questions/6483/  gnat 1 min ago
		
1 A question like this is probably better suited for programmers.stackexchange.com.
1 You may wish to look at programmers.stackexchange.com instead - this is more of a whiteboard problem than a keyboard problem.

0 @RenaissanceProgrammer Using Chrome and installing Chromecast solves it for you. The question is more aimed at programmers who want to remove the problem for their end-users.  mahemoff 9 secs ago
0 "(...) if your question generally covers - software tools commonly used by programmers; and is - a practical, answerable problem that is unique to software development then youre in the right place to ask your question!"  ruffy 2 mins ago
0 "looks more natural to scientists and engineers", yes but it looks unnatural to C# programmers.  Scott Chamberlain 1 min ago
0 Short answer, I would suggest to do what you are confident with. It's not crucial as I get it, and also it doesn't look like you are developing a library, which will be re-used many times by many programmers, so go ahead  user3686779 5 secs ago
0 In general, log messages are written to the System.err, that's a separate channel (most terminals interleave stdout and sterr, but then programmers can split the streams themselves).  CommuSoft 1 min ago
0 what if you dropped the term "programmers environment" and took it as a straight question of "why is vagrant doing this?"  Daniel A. White 1 min ago
2 @DanielA.White Are you sure?  I recall asking similar questions over there in the past and they pushed it back to Stack Overflow because it was about setting up a programmers environment.  Is there official policy on this?  Alan Storm 28 secs ago
0 @Akarienta This is true, but it doesn't help when someone simply doesn't know the functions to use yet. This could have been a two word solution of concatMap show, it's simply learning the API. The actual problem solved here was learning about previously unknown functions in Prelude. It's not that OP needed to adapt a more complex problem to fit his needs, it's merely ignorance of an existing solution. Yes, programmers need to learn how to read documentation and follow similar problems, but I'm going to wager that you didn't know about concatMap when you first started using Haskell.  bheklilr 10 secs ago
0 @bheklilr Programmers have to think about the problems and be able to adapt very similar problem to his own. If he asks and gets the answer directly, he learns nothing and will be a beginner forever.  Akarienta 1 min ago
0 The problem is that there is no standard way to handle it.There are as many opinions on this as there are programmers.  Joachim Pileborg 1 min ago
0 For some of us that computer science class was a long time ago (like 35 years) and we haven't used terminology like l_i such that j, P[j]= T [i+j-1] + l_i since then. Could you, perhaps, rephrase your question in English? You'll find, when working with programmers and non-programmers, that the ability to discuss your algorithms in English (or other natural language) will help in your own understanding of the problem, as well as theirs.  Jim Mischel 1 min ago
0 Yes, we regularly run into the situation on our development server, we usually have many programmers accessing the same DB for development purposes. So if I add new columns to a table and update a sproc to use them, I make the new parameters all optional, so I don't break the app for other developers who aren't running my new code yet. As long as you're just adding and not deleting or restructuring, that can work fine. It's when you say, Oh, this field that used to be a column in table A, there now could be many of them so I need to break it out into a new table with a many-to-one ...  Jay 1 min ago
2 @roryap if you're interested in more detailed discussion, feel free to ask for clarification at Programmers meta  gnat 47 secs ago
0 *Apologies to women programmers for my use of "he", but it's still true that most malicious programmers are male. (Someday this will no longer be true, but I don't know if that will be a good thing or a bad thing.)  Daniel Griscom 1 min ago
0 If you don't get the answer, it is because very few programmers use erlide. The most popular editor is emacs, but you can use any editor like Sublime and just work in command line :)  tkowal 58 secs ago
0 I don't understand down votes. I was just hoping to see others' opinions about "software tools (i.e. Kivy or Pymob) commonly used by programmers".  Talha Ashraf 1 min ago
0 Welcome to stackoverflow. A little more explanation might help out the fellow programmers to understand how it works.  Daenarys 1 min ago
0 There's no such things as events in core Java - most Java programmers would implement something similar using an Interface callback mechanism  Mike 42 secs ago
0 As someone who is new to C++, I find it a little crazy that the 'general' solution (1) requires 3 lines of code and the one to be avoided is a single line of code.  You suggest wrapping the general solution in a helper method and that is great but if this is what we should be using most of the time then why didn't the authors of the map do this already for us?  It would have saved many thousands of programmers from having to type out their own helper methods right?  Ben 1 min ago
2 @roryap This is not a suitable question for programmers. Please don't suggest it as a target.  ChrisF  9 secs ago
0 Apparently you do have a bug in the sense that your program does not behave as you desire. If you did some debugging you'd learn why. Basic debugging skills seem to be missing from so many programmers.  David Heffernan 9 secs ago
0 Instead provisioning profiles, certificates, command-line tools and workarounds are becoming programmers' main job. You're not doing it the right way clark...  FrizzTheSnail 1 min ago
1 Can you explain what are you trying to achieve. I think you need a abstract base class Vehicle with method NumberOfSeats. If this is the design question -- programmers will be a better place.  Sriram Sakthivel 1 min ago
0 @imallett they should share the same semantics as this would result in consistent behavior. Note that C++ would then be easier to learn and use, event for novice programmers, without sacrificing the flexibility it now offers. I would ask: why should the definition (without initialization) of a variable of a primitive, POD and non-POD type share different semantics? I understand that this idea breaks some fundamental aspects of C++ but all this is just theory, for now...  Adam Romanek 9 secs ago
0 This is eerily similar to  what used to be a ridiculously common mistake made by COM programmers many moons ago. if (--m_dwRefCount == 0) delete this; return m_dwRefCount; I cannot tell you how many times I saw that code crash and burn in published components.  WhozCraig 34 secs ago
0 There is none, but giving c++ resources is something I dislike, and I think many other c programmers too.  iharob 6 secs ago
0 Because the system level programmers either were not allowed to use C++ or they did not know C++.  The C++ has some excellent language features that are not OOP that can be used when writing system level programs.  One such feature is references.  Thomas Matthews 17 secs ago
0 The My namespace was added in .NET 2.0/VS2005 to help VB.NET programmers fall in the pit of success.  The difference between the two is not subtle, App.SP asks the operating system about the EXE that got the process started.  That is not yours in plenty of cases, like COM servers, Office add-ins, ClickOnce.  Hans Passant 1 min ago
1 This is possibly more on-topic at Programmers... can anyone else share an opinion?  ArtOfCode 6 secs ago

0 @Nabi Edit and update your question and tell everyone it's for a MySQL WHERE slice. Then more programmers can help you with another solution.  Tek 1 min ago
0 You asked a question on StackOverflow. And your question was not complete. You didn't mention a span element. Go back and look at your question. You said something vague about there being text. You can call it nitpicky if you want, but if you're going to communicate with other programmers and ask for your help, you need to learn to communicate properly. That means giving a complete question, showing what you're starting with, showing what you've tried, and explaining how the things you've tried don't work.  mason 7 secs ago
0 Sorry, StackOverflow is for professional and enthusiast programmers. We aren't here to teach because we aren't teachers. There are countless books, tutorials, and other resources available to you for free that can teach you these concepts. Please make use of them and come back if you have a specific code-related question.  tnw 43 secs ago
0 That was DHH's complaint about hesitating to go into programming, that programmers have the most trifling complaints.  Jesse Crockett 1 min ago
0 @VikasVerma Why are arrays not like objects? Because of history. When Java was designed, most attempts at language innovation failed when not similar to C in syntax and style. Thus C++, Objective-C, and Java were among the few languages to survive obscurity during that era. Java was consciously designed to include curly braces, primitive, and plain arrays to be familiar to mainstream programmers of the day. See interviews with James Gosling and other Sun folks. Some people stick with Collections rather than arrays for pure OOP.  Basil Bourque 11 secs ago
0 Please don't answer clearly off-topic questions here; it encourages other off-topic questions, both by this poster and future users of the site. (Hey, I'll ask anyway. Maybe I can get an answer before it's closed. or But here's a very similar question that got an answer. Why is mine off-topic?) This is not a programming or programmers tools related question, which makes it off-topic here. If you're not sure what types of questions are appropriate here, the help center always has the current site guidelines. Thanks.  Ken White 1 min ago
0 Between you and @DanielRoseman, I am now convinced not to change the names. This is for use in a tutorial on how to implement the reset-your-password feature (writing this is how I'm learning it myself), so I don't want to teach something that's unacceptable to established Django programmers.  aliteralmind 32 secs ago
0 Kritner, per the help center, this is a legitimate SO question (though perhaps not a good one): Stack Overflow is for professional and enthusiast programmers, people who write code because they love it. We feel the best Stack Overflow questions have a bit of source code in them, but if your question generally covers      a specific programming problem, or     a software algorithm, or     software tools commonly used by programmers; and is     a practical, answerable problem that is unique to software development   then youre in the right place to ask your question!  Keith Hoffman 1 min ago
1 @DmitryAlexandrov is correct and this is a type of licensing question that would be on-topic at Programmers.  GlenH7 1 min ago
0 You might want to familiarize yourself with some basic C# concepts so you can rephrase your question in a way other programmers can understand. For example, a string is a reference type, so I'm not sure what you mean when you say "STRING Property can store a VALUE TYPE" because I don't think you mean what most programmers would understand a value type to be.  Matt Burland 1 min ago
0 A small suggestion: you might want to code in english. It makes it easier to understand for most of the programmers on earth (= on stackoverflow) and it's a bit less knullig :D  Pieter De Bie 1 min ago
0 Why is this question closed??  .NET programmers shouldn't be allowed to know why their app crashed to the desktop with no diagnostic?  Hans Passant 1 min ago
0 @GrijeshChauhan: Actually I believe adding such information does more harm than good, because too many programmers do not understand the implications of relying on unspecified / implementation-defined behaviour, and happily use whatever "works for me", then wonder why the next compiler or OS update breaks their code.  DevSolar 1 min ago
0 The simple solution is to acknowledge that this will never change and enhance your testing abilities to compensate. Few are the programmers than can write more than 3-4 bug-free lines pre-testing  Kon 1 min ago
0 Welcome to SO. This logic you describe is definitely possible. However we are not a code writing service more a community that helps programmers and programming enthusiasts. Do you have something you started you need help with?  Matt 1 min ago
0 @MadProgrammer again, I'm not disagreeing with you. If you want someone to understand a problem, simply telling them "this is how you should do it" and not providing the full background does them no good. We keep the answers to questions on SO relevant to the question being asked, and we see lots of questions that have very simple answers to professional programmers. So, when we answer questions, we do so, in the best possible way to solve the problem at hand, and leave the it could be done better to the asker to figure out.  Ryan J 1 min ago
0 @SurenderThakran it shows that the candidate understands JavaScript functions at a deeper level than its similarities to other programming languages. If they don't know how to use arguments or how to invoke functions with more control then it suggests they may be a JS novice (no matter how capable they are at programming in general). This question is specifically asking for good strategies to interview advanced JS programmers, so this sort of question is very appropriate (there are at least a few dozen other good ways to test for this, too)  bcherry 23 secs ago

        
        
        
        
0 @SurenderThakran it shows that the candidate understands JavaScript functions at a deeper level than its similarities to other programming languages. If they don't know how to use arguments or how to invoke functions with more control then it suggests they may be a JS novice (no matter how capable they are at programming in general). This question is specifically asking for good strategies to interview advanced JS programmers, so this sort of question is very appropriate (there are at least a few dozen other good ways to test for this, too)  bcherry 23 secs ago
0 @Blorgbeard, I want to be specific. I really do.  However, having no idea about when it's best to use a Task vs Thread, or when should I use a delegate, or any of those types of things makes learning impossible.  I can hack something together yes.  It will be the most willy nilly code that is awful to read, have no real design flow, but will work.  Am I to understand that is how you all code as well? If that is the case then fine I just thought that you more experienced programmers would have advice or methodologies to follow.  UmarSlobberknocker 38 secs ago
0 @SlowCoder74: this has not much to do with C# specifically. Over the years programmers have discovered insights in how to implement concepts in OO-programming languages. A nice result is the Design Patterns book of the Gang of Four.  CommuSoft 10 secs ago
0 for some reason this reads like it came from google translate. If you're looking for some easy route way of designing in photoshop and exporting perfectly optimized, current and standard html and css then you're wasting your time. The best thing for you as a designer is to understand the current standards and limitations of html5 and css and design with that in mind. Don't worry about being a master of design and markup. Let the programmers do their thing and you focus on making the site look good based on what you know html and css can do  Kai Qing 1 min ago
0 NullReferenceException is a common situation for beginner programmers. The link provided should help you understand the problem. Then use the debugger to find what/where/when you have a variable that is null.  Soner Gnl 1 min ago
0 Yes, anybody who has the slightest knowledge of Java knows what's going on. Please read through the official Java tutorial on Exceptions. Please also note that SO is not a site for teaching beginners how to code, but a site for professional and enthusiast programmers - we expect you to know the basics, and there are plenty of resources to learn them. Do your own research before asking further questions, and only ask on SO as a last resort once you're certain you've stumbled on a problem that's not heavily documented already.  l4mpi 1 min ago
0 I'll repeat myself, Stack Overflow is not a fre code-writing service. It is a Question and Answer site for professional and enthusiast programmers. You've asked your 'question' without even taking the site tour which should have popped up when you registered your account and then have the nerve to demand that I provide you with a working solution when I've tried to state as clearly as possible that you're in the wrong place for such requests. Please take the site tour, make an attempt at solving the problem yourself and then post a new question if you encounter problems.  Aiken 40 secs ago
0 Maybe not in terms of LOC, but in writing-time context. While using external files(xml for example) you have to open this file, write down the class name, and xml tags. So you are losing focus on programming and start brainless creating of config. While using annotations i stay in same file, just write one additional line of annotation. So I don't have to search for proper config file, copy existing entry and modify it to new repository.   Someone wrote words of wisdom - Programmers are lazy guys.  Warzyw 1 min ago
2 The difference between Programmers and a toilet bowl, is that quite a few know what the toilet bowl is good for, and that quite a few know how the open/close feature of the toilet bowl should be used.  Lundin 1 min ago
2 @bluefog - "Too broad" is "too broad", regardless of the SE technology sites.  One problem with referring new users to other sites is that they almost never read the site guidance before re-posting their question.  Programmers sees a lot of whack-the-troublesome, un-researched, rough, "design" questions that are copy-pasta'd from site to site based upon otherwise well intentioned referrals.  GlenH7 23 secs ago
0 And what if I wanted to use an contextlib.ExitStack()? to combine multiple context managers? There are various good use cases where a context manager is created outside of a with statement that you are trying to prevent. Don't try and fix all possible programmer mistakes at the expense of making life harder for those programmers that know what they are doing.  Martijn Pieters 8 secs ago
0 @eanjo7 No, Stack Overflow is a question and answer site for professional and enthusiast programmers. We're working together to build a library of detailed answers to every question about programming. Take a tour and "Don't ask about anything not directly related to writing computer programs".  Unihedro 1 min ago
0 @juanchopanza: I believe we've come full circle to my point above... " somewhat application/library-domain specific, and the best fit for one community of programmers may not suit another. It's not worth arguing about.".  Tony D 1 min ago

1 @gnat I agree. I was merely suggesting to the OP that this question is clearly off topic for SO. Asking questions about development methodologies is on topic for Programmers SE. A reworded form with more effort will be better suited there.  bluefog 17 secs ago

        
        
        
        
1 @gnat The word is may. I am not suggesting a migration. I am merely suggesting the OP that a reworded form of this question may be better received at Programmers SE.  bluefog 31 secs ago
0 Programmers manage it by providing various flags to the compiler, like MSDN: Visual Studio  C++ Compiler Options  /arch (x86), so that compiler can choose which set of features to use. Language runtime can later opt to load architecture-specific library after detecting the available hardware. Specify more exactly what you need to know and why  xmojmr 51 secs ago
1 Welcome to Stack Overflow! Here we solve issues with code using a Q & A format. This question may be better suited for Programmers Stack Exchange  bluefog 1 min ago
0 hahaha, nnnnnnn, said it right...foolish people.  This is what open source produces, horrible un-informed "programmers".  Seriously, thanks to open source you have hackers, not programmers shaping the web.  Such a shame.  dave 1 min ago
0 @AlexanderO'Mara I'm sorry, but the about in Stackoverflow has this "Q&A for professional and enthusiast programmers". And since this is someone related with stackoverflow's about, I thought I could ask from you guys. Anyways, can you answer the question?  Robin 1 min ago
0 This question doesn't deserve the downvotes. Though it's trivial to PHP programmers, it may be confusing to people coming from other languages, which do allow minus signs in identifiers. E.g. the Scheme language.  Alex Shesterov 1 min ago
1 This might be on topic at Programmers, but please do take a look at their help center first.  Ilmari Karonen 1 min ago
0 The best I can suggest is the programmers guide: opencobol.add1tocobol.com/OpenCOBOL%20Programmers%20Guide.pdf  Joe Zitzelberger 42 secs ago
0 Fortunately for many people, I am not a programmer. If I write bad code (as is often done Dart developers) this does not harm anyone (including their health). And they do not say about "What a shitty program wrote the programmer-mezoni". Because I'm not a programmer by profession. But I often hear in Russia "What a shitty program wrote the Google programmers". Well, you know who I mean.  mezoni just now
0 @Marko As a matter of fact it is. I am sure a majority of the applications are running on Java 6 and 7. Java 8 is a major step ahead in the way we Java programmers write code. The least you can do is mention that your code will only work with Java 8.  bot 41 secs ago
0 @PalDev Yes you are right. Those programmers in Facebook are really genius!  zairwolf 1 min ago
0 What? No pleasantries? Just farming out your homework to the heartless masses of stackoverflow programmers? Some of us like to be wined and dined before we're exploited you know.  jpriebe 1 min ago
0 I don't think Stack Overflow is the right place to ask this kind of question. Stack Overflow is meant to help programmers solve problems. You are trying to install something that doesn't happen to work out for you, but you haven't really pin down the problem to a question that people over here can easily help you with. Most people wouldn't want to dive into the software you are trying to install and then try to figure out why it doesn't work for you. If you can make the question more specific, you'll likely get better help.  rednaw 27 secs ago
0 But you have to replicate the undefined thing in every file; of which organized code should have several to differentiate functionality. Generally, I want to find null as well as undefined; it's not very frequent that the difference between the two will help any programmers at all.  Katana314 2 mins ago
0 @iharob C++ programmers are only less skilled (whatever that means) because to write C++ you don't have to go as low-level as you must in C. But you definitely can go if you want. Many programmers just don't need to go that low. A C++ programmer can definitely know how to use memcpy and realloc.  zenith 1 min ago
0 This is my opinion, but you should learn c, if you go learn c++ first, then you will never need to understand pointers and how to work directly with memory, for instance if you learn the std::string class then you will never understand how is a string really represented in memory, usually c++ only programmers are less skilled, for what I know.  iharob 56 secs ago
0 I say all that not to be mean, but to tell you one of the most important things I know about programming: the compiler is your best teacher. Write small programs, and make sure they build and run, then make them bigger. I've been a professional programmer for over twenty years, and I still do this everyday ... if you were to add the word test to the build and run advice, this would be one of my number one things that I tell beginning programmers.  John Castleman 1 min ago
0 Umm 'Q&A site for PROFESSIONAL AND ENTHUSIAST PROGRAMMERS', not  'a beginner who cannot iterate an array'.  Martin James 1 min ago
0 Sounds like you want a lot but can't program anything. Have you thought of hiring programmers?  N.B. 1 min ago
0 @Mohit Bhasi I tried visitor pattern but I'm not sure its the situation here, since the other programmers will not have access to the code  ori 58 secs ago
0 Yes, well, that's what you get when you're asking on a site mainly inhabited by programmers......................  Lasse V. Karlsen 1 min ago
1 Moved the question to Programmers Stack. Thanks for your comments!  Robin 1 min ago
0 Extending the prototypes of built-in objects like this is a bad idea. If browsers start providing Array.prototype.min themselves in future with a behaviour that subtly differs from yours, future programmers working on your code - or any libraries that try to use the native implementation - are going to be deeply confused by why they don't get the specified and documented behaviour when they call those methods.  Mark Amery 32 secs ago
0 Unfortunately there is no Linux support, a serious drawback for many of us programmers.  anol 1 min ago
0 @Jiminion The only problem with returning a pointer that I see is that it's too easy to omit the assignment, especially for programmers new to your library. It is a problem because the compiler is not going to catch it, and there would be no immediate consequences in most cases, i.e. unless the initial element of the list is removed.  dasblinkenlight 1 min ago
0 @Lrrr I agree with what you said above. But questions like this can speed up learning by following paths that other programmers have treaded and found to be more useful than others. A case like this where we have to restrict ourselves from sharing our experiences and opinions undermines the capabilities of such a powerful community we have.  Meena Chaudhary 2 mins ago
0 SO is for programmers' errors / help. We don't do questionnaires.  Josh Harington 1 min ago
0 Frankly, the #define wipe() system(COMMAND) is a terrible practice. All you're doing is concealing a well known function behind a new name. It just obfuscates the code for future programmers, especially since you don't make it clear wipe is a macro by using uppercase.  Carey Gregory 1 min ago
2 @anaximander: It's almost certainly too broad for Programmers, and we don't know what the OP means by "exact."  Frankly, it looks like a copy/paste of a homework assignment.  Robert Harvey  1 min ago
0 AB is a hex number, normally written by C programmers as 0xAB. The hex number A has bit pattern 1010, and B is 1011, so together they are 10101011. If you separate the different items in that bit pattern, you have 1 010 10 1 1 in binary, which is 1 2 2 1 1 in decimal.  user3386109 1 min ago
0 "AB" is a hex number, normally written by C programmers as 0xAB. The hex number A has bit pattern 1010, and B is 1011, so together they are 10101011.  user3386109 19 secs ago
		//			GET http://chat.stackexchange.com/search?q=programmers&Room=20298&User=125580&page=3&pagesize=50&sort=newest
0 "AB" is a hex number, normally written by C programmers as 0xAB. The hex number A has bit pattern 1010, and B is 1011, so together they are 10101011.  user3386109 19 secs ago
0 @cmaster For a library, it's not necessarily to give all header files to library users. Hence, you could publish X.h but not Ximpl.h. For development purposes, you can keep X.h in some common header folder (structure), and Ximpl.h closer to the source files. Within a project, I don't see how putting something in a source file helps protecting it, as opposed to putting it in a header file. Both can be modified by programmers with sufficient access rights.  dyp 55 secs ago
0 This is the best answer in the world for anything ever. I hope that one day when my kids grow up I can show them this answer and they can be impressed as much as I am right now. Generations of programmers are better because of it, you probably single handedly saved millions of lives here - well done sir, well done. Have a +1.  Benjamin Gruenbaum 22 secs ago
0 This would be much better off on Statalist. There is no attempt at code here so it is not a good programming question for Stack Overflow. The advertised community here is professional and enthusiast programmers; it is not a forum to field any conceivable question about software use. Further, my guess is that the answer requires statistical thinking and you would reach a much wider audience in that respect on Statalist. This is not meant to sound unwelcoming, but practical in that it's not a good use of your time and effort to ask in the wrong place, and it is not helpful to others either.  Nick Cox 1 min ago
0 @dyp Yes, I understand the effect of the dependency reduction. The protection of the class implementation is achieved by never handing the implementation class' definition to a user of the code. He can't mess around with data members he doesn't know that they exist. Of course, this protection is only of real importance when the class is part of a library. Within a project, a private should be enough to keep programmers of other classes away from it (and if it's not, you should keep the programmers away from your code).  cmaster 39 secs ago
0 You're the one who keeps responding.   This isn't an "ego trip",  I'm trying to give you a differing point of view....I understand where you're coming from... I don't agree with you...and here's why.... My job entails not only writing code,  but reviewing requirements,  writing specification documents, and negotiating contracts. You're dogged determination to prove me wrong is one of the things that I MO is why so much bad code gets written... Programmers get so wrapped up in their own world and terminology,  they lose the ability to connect with and understand client requirements [more]  DavidRothbauer 11 secs ago
0 Please ask a specific programming problem, a software algorithm, or for a software tools commonly used by programmers  Binghammer 56 secs ago
1 Discussion about software development workflow belongs on Programmers StackExchange  anaximander 1 min ago
0 It really isn't. refs is in strict for a reason. It's because it's a really good way to create brittle, dangerous and unmaintainable code that'll cause future sysadmins and maintenance programmers to hunt you down.  Sobrique 1 min ago
0 @look__out Stackoverflow's goal is to create an archive of question and answer information for programmers.  Consequently it is bad form to repeatedly make major changes to the question   With every change, the existing answers no longer useful.  A reader might not even know why the answers are written.  John1024 1 min ago
0 @malcolmhall the (0,0) coordinate is actually a valid coordinate. Saying it is invalid might mislead some developers. However, it usually comes about as a result of some error resulting in the (0,0) coordinate. For example [anNSNumber floatValue] will return 0 if the instance is nil. But because there is nothing of interest at (0,0) most programmers are willing to mark it as invalid to identify these errors.  pnizzle 1 min ago
0 Stack Overflow is a forum for programmers with programming related questions. Your question would be more appropriate with some code (something along the lines of your click event explanation). If I were you, I'd do it before I get down voted and having this thread closed.  Aswin Ramakrishnan 1 min ago
0 @JimBuck: It's a terrible habit and us slightly younger programmers would rather you tried to kick it rather than using it as a rationale for spreading bad advice ;)  Lightness Races in Orbit 53 secs ago
0 Well us old fart programmers are used to this edge case since we declare multiple stuff like that by habit.  Jim Buck 52 secs ago
0 I talk to clients,  who understand "encryption",  not "hash". I have yet to encounter a programmer who doesn't understand one-way encryption vs hash. In fact,  most programmers that I discuss encryption with,  know by context, if we're discussing uni-directional or bi-directional encryption.  You mention "useful and correct" information....let me point something out to you...  Experience in cryptology will tell you that there is no such thing as a one way cipher.  Any cipher,  one way or not,  can, and will be eventually cracked...making your one way encryption,  decryptable.  DavidRothbauer 52 secs ago
0 If it is a bug, it's a subtle one; to notice it you have to be testing that something doesn't work - that you do in fact get an error when you attempt to open a process you shouldn't have access to. Programmers mostly test that stuff does work.  (I think they call that a negative feature.)  It wouldn't surprise me too much if it had gone unnoticed, particularly if it only occurs under rare circumstances.  Harry Johnston 32 secs ago
0 Thanks for the feedback. Your question style actually suggested that you might need some help on this level, and I think this is a good example of why inexperienced programmers need not to be frightened to ask on StackOverflow. However, you really should combine both answers here :-), because @garnaat's answer tells you how to use boto in this case.  Jan-Philip Gehrcke 1 min ago
0 @Harald Those are the kind of things I want to avoid... I have seen in production that when a user clicks a button.... Nothing happens! It is because the code is just ignoring the unchecked exception... I don't see how this is a good thing? Sure people will say get better programmers... But no great programmer is perfect.  Chris Bolton 19 secs ago
0 In addition to what you'll learn from the answers, also learn that formatting and coding conventions are very important to communicate with your fellow programmers. Class names should begin with a capital letter, and the code blocks should be properly indented.  RealSkeptic 24 secs ago
2 Yeah I was just trying to help the guy out. From what I understand stack overflow is for errors in code that a person needs help with. Programmers is more for talking about implementation or the finer points of code. I am new here though. XD  iByrd92 49 secs ago
1 You might have better luck with this question on Programmers Stack Exchange.  iByrd92 35 secs ago
1 @Biffen If the answer to my question is simply "No, there's no way to do this," with corroboration, then that's great. But I do feel that my question is legitimate, worthy, and actually clearer for not being burdened with an explanation of my motivation. As I understand this community, if I were seeking a validity check on my reasoning for doing this (i.e., a whiteboard question), it would be more appropriate to ask that question on Programmers, or on a more discussion-based community forum. Just trying to play by the rules... Is my understanding correct?  GladstoneKeep 32 secs ago
0 Programmers generally want to rewrite things from scratch.  That usually ends badly.   Whatever sins the old code contains, it presumably addresses an implicit set of requirements.  Rewrite the code doesn't make sense if you don't know the requirements, and without looking at the old code, it is pretty hard to guess that set. (Even looking at the old code it is hard to guess, but if  you repair it, you don't have to know the requirements as well; they're [by definition] already addressed.  See Spolsky: "Things you should never do" joelonsoftware.com/articles/fog0000000069.html  Ira Baxter 1 min ago
0 Because .NET promises to work on many Windows versions.  And the "Explorer" visual style was meant for, you know, Explorer.  It isn't even the same control, the one that Explorer uses is a DirectUIHWND.  A secret one it doesn't share with us.  Microsoft doesn't promise that the visual style is going to be available on future versions.  The style is undocumented, programmers discovered it by reverse-engineering.  Yes, works today, no guarantees for tomorrow.  Not the kind of risk the .NET Framework programmers ever take.  Hans Passant 21 secs ago
1 I'm not completely certain, but this might be better suited to the programmers stack exchange. This SE is more for specific programming (code) problems and questions.  Paul Richter 1 min ago
1 Off topic here, try searching DBA/Programmers for discussion programmers.stackexchange.com/questions/65742/  Alex K. 20 secs ago
0 You have the choice but there a lot of programmers who like to avoid member if not needed and to have operator like == as external free friend functions. I think it's also the case of the standard library implementations.  Nikko 49 secs ago
0 Are you sure you are the right person to advice the programmers? (Since you have to ask for help here, it's obviously not your area...)  jarlh 28 secs ago
0 Because there are people that get confused with a functional language approach; it's outside of many programmers' comfort zones. Remember that you should code in a way that eases future maintenance efforts and clever approaches like this may hinder understanding where the simple loop and concatenate may not.  Phylogenesis 28 secs ago
0 www.yiak.co provide better solution as an alternative tool for python programmers. See documentation how to program based on "matrixArray" not ugly "numpy"  Wang  Yi 1 min ago
2 @runDOSrun at Programmers, this has been asked and thoroughly answered many times before, see eg To Open Source or Not to Open Source... and other questions linked to it  gnat 53 secs ago
1 ok... I moved it to programmers  jtkSource 29 secs ago
1 You might want to post your question over at OpenData or Programmers (check their HowTos though, the only thing I'm sure of is that your question is off topic for SO I'm afraid).  runDOSrun 1 min ago
0 Sublime Text 2 with package additions work well. Our company develops everything in CF, the programmers here seem to like it well. We have moved off of Dreamweaver and Eclipse. Notepadd++ also has some ok plugins.  user2506891 39 secs ago
0 Ignoring bad questions like this is generally better than doing someone's homework for them. The question is almost certainly going to be deleted so you're not going to keep your points, you're just encouraging bad behavior and adding more crappy "programmers" to our profession.  mu is too short 8 secs ago
0 Guys, please don't rate questions down due to 1) Lack of knowledge/experience, or 2) Lack of prior research.  S.O. is a resource for many programmers of all skill levels to learn, let's not discourage new users by rating down their questions unless it's apparent there was no effort put in to solve the problem.  Evan Bechtol 30 secs ago
0 Yeah it is something that can easily bite newcomers as well as experienced programmers. Therefore it is better to avoid such issues. I just thought of another issue when using an array. You did not initialise word via e.g. char word[20] = {'\0'}; therefore its value is undefined. If you are on linux press CTRL+D when entering a word. This results in EOF and std::cin not reading in anything and keeping word unchanged. Now even though you did not read anything in you will most still likely enter the while-loop. std::string combined with an std::string::empty check avoids this.  mat69 39 secs ago
0 @Brandon, well it's specific about stackexchange example. On meta there are site programmers that could shed some light on the way it's build. And if he used "other sort of "tag cloud"" this post will also be closed down.  Mouser 57 secs ago
0 I checked here (stackoverflow.com/help/on-topic) beforehand and to me it fits the bill, "if your question generally covers...software tools commonly used by programmers...and is a practical, answerable problem that is unique to software development...then youre in the right place to ask your question!"  robocode 1 min ago
1 On Programmers: programmers.stackexchange.com/questions/205646/  Ciro Santilli 1 min ago
0 This post might answer the question but a little more explanation will help out fellow programmers how it works.  Daenarys 33 secs ago
0 It seems that diligent, conscientious programmers - the type that may end up making a framework like Zend or Pear, prefer spaces for the above mentioned reasons. All the lazy programmers I know prefer tabs. Also, sometimes there is alignment between different parts of the line (not just the left-most non white-space character) which gets messed up when tabs are used. So personally I avoid them  DaveBoltman 30 secs ago
0 Looks much better. And as bounds checking goes, this is C++. We trust other programmers ;)  MSalters 1 min ago
0 When people overly compliment female programmers...This is the exact reason we have so few...  turnt 1 min ago
0 @SiKing - I did it was where I learned about XmlHolder etc. But I wanted to know if there is a way to do this without using a script. The people who will maintain this is not programmers. And to expect them to understand how to write it is not fair to them. But thanks hey - it is worth reading..  Chrispie 6 secs ago
0 Swing and a miss...... What I meant was why does being able to decompile this particular class, make other programmers lives easier? To answer myself, it really doesn't, hence why your question is being downvoted into oblivion. If this was an attempt to gain rep, you clearly haven't read anything of the help section.  James Massey 17 secs ago
		//			GET http://chat.stackexchange.com/search?q=programmers&Room=20298&User=125580&page=4&pagesize=50&sort=newest
0 Swing and a miss...... What I meant was why does being able to decompile this particular class, make other programmers lives easier? To answer myself, it really doesn't, hence why your question is being downvoted into oblivion. If this was an attempt to gain rep, you clearly haven't read anything of the help section.  James Massey 17 secs ago
0 @halfer most WP users are not programmers and it's good  that's why we have a job and are in business. But suggestion to upgrade is not business  it's an emotional suggestion. I already saw this yesterday in a flame with travis guys.  gaRex 1 min ago
1 @GregBurghardt I doubt my employer would be happy with me posting their IP! But I'll have a look at the programmers to see if that's more appropriate. I can see quite a few questions about coding style on SO.  sprinter 1 min ago
1 This might be a good candidate for Code Review if you are willing to post the actual code, or Programmers if you want to keep it strictly conceptual.  Greg Burghardt 1 min ago
0 From that page: While writing an application, a programmer will recompile and test often, and so compilation must be fast. This is one reason most optimizations are deliberately avoided during the test/debugging phase. Also, program code is usually "stepped through" (see Program animation) using a symbolic debugger, and optimizing transformations, particularly those that reorder code, can make it difficult to relate the output code with the line numbers in the original source code. This can confuse both the debugging tools and the programmers using them.  Steve 7 secs ago
0 Basically, the people who monitor this thread are hard-core programmers and they expect a classic programming question -- e.g., sample code from the original poster of what they have tried, and an explanation of what they expect to happen (but which is not happening).  It used to be the situation where these types of questions were just referred to superuser (where the user ends up answering those questions themselves most of the time), but now the beta Emacs exchange has proven to be extremely useful for both kinds of questions -- i.e., difficult programming questions, plus other questions.  lawlist 1 min ago
1 This question appears to belong on another site in the Stack Exchange network. Perhaps you should try Programmers Stack Exchange.  jww 2 mins ago
0 Why do so many programmers not check the return values of the functions they use? they return a value because it's useful, don't you think? Apart from that, this does not answer the question, it just suggest an alternate method, but it doesn't explain why the code failed.  iharob 1 min ago
0 @LakatosGyula - I think it might be (just you).  Proficient Java programmers have no problems reading "" ... and most would probably object loudly about use of EMPTY except in specific situations where EMPTY has a domain specific meaning.  (And in such cases, there is probably a more appropriate name.)  Stephen C 43 secs ago
0 @Barry I would make an API to make this decision explicitly - say, accept a boolean flag that says "don't make a copy" (or "do make a copy, it does not matter) and default that flag to something. Let programmers decide what to do, rather than attempting to guess their intentions programmatically.  dasblinkenlight 1 min ago
0 @AngeloDM: My guess is because your question is admittedly something that beginner programmers learn; don't give two things the same name. You specifically asked for a mention in the standard, so I answered with that, but the idea is that I shouldn't have needed to.  AndyG 1 min ago
0 If I were designing a language, I would allow floating-point literals to include a suffix indicating what degree of precision was expected.  If an pf suffix indicates "precise float", then the value 1111111.1xf would be rejected, but 111111.125xf would be accepted.  Sometimes a programmer intends for a compiler to use the closest representable value to some number, and sometimes a programmer intends a compiler to use an exact number and would want to know if it can't.  I wish languages would let programmers indicate such intentions.  supercat 37 secs ago
2 @GPPK Primarily opinion based questions are going to be closed on Programmers, on StackOverflow, and everywhere else on Stack Exchange. Please see Programmers What is On Topic  durron597 58 secs ago
0 There's the String API. Programmers don't write documentation for nothing. So I suggest you take a look at it.  ZouZou 2 mins ago
0 This is a programmers forum, try ServerFault or SuperUSer  apesa 39 secs ago
2 @ryyker - this would be off-topic on Programmers as well.  GlenH7 30 secs ago
0 I definitely think it would be a useful feature, though - it will just require a bit more time and effort, and would certainly need to be vetted by more knowledgeable C++ programmers than myself.  nrussell 33 secs ago
0 @talemyn Because ternary statements let other programmers know you're a BOSS... despite the fact that as your comment pointed out, it is pretty easy to mix up the conditions  itcouldevenbeaboat 2 mins ago
0 We use the Rational Team Concert extension to Eclipse, so it all gets sync'd to the repository. Since we've got so many programmers sharing projects, the standardized system is to ensure collisions don't happen.  Will Beason 50 secs ago
1 You could hire me as a consultant. Otherwise this is indeed slightly off-topic here, maybe you should try Programmers instead.  Antti Haapala 8 secs ago
0 I thought that one of the benefits of TDD is to get a taste of how programmers would be writing code that uses your interface-under-test so as to catch omissions in the interface.  For example, if you are developing a map, it might not initially occur to you that you need to provide a method to enumerate all elements in the map, but while writing the tests (and before you have written any map code) you will inevitably realize that you need to be able to enumerate the elements in order to figure out whether the map actually contains the test elements that you are adding to it.  Mike Nakis 23 secs ago
0 @HaashimFazal Because I want you to know how to ask in order to get help, also I do care about programmers here, I want you to learn by yourself. Will be more than glad to help you if you get stuck with something, but at least give it a try.  Maroun Maroun 8 secs ago
0 Its not for experienced programmers, its easy to implement and use. :)  Kevin Crain 39 secs ago
0 Senior programmers can be the worst at being able to write clearly.  They don't want to write english, they want to write code...  GreenAsJade 46 secs ago
0 I knew there was a reason people hired programmers  Strawberry 13 secs ago
0 Only if you're a terrible programmer who wants to help other programmers become even worse.  Puppy 1 min ago
0 Awesome! Thanks for the swift reply. I can't believe I didn't even think of this. Sometimes as programmers we overlook the simplest of things. Thanks again :)  CodingMadeEasy 1 min ago
0 @MimiPaul : The naming of your class isn't the real issue - my point was it's simply very confusing and if you ever work in a professional programming job, the other programmers wouldn't find it easy to follow your code. My main point was a BroadcastReceiver (or any other Android app component) will not be active until the user has started your app at least once. For later versions of Android you MUST have a MAIN / LAUNCHER app and the user MUST start it at least once. Also, if they ever "Force Stop" your app, the BroadcastReceiver will cease to work again.  Squonk 43 secs ago
0 It's necessary to take note on an important issue, which would be valuable to "future generations" of programmers: in my project, let's call it project A, there's a reference to another project, let's call project B, through Maven. When I made changes in project B, I forgot to update .jar file through Maven Install, and then update Project A reference. This way, during Project A building, old table names stored in an outdated .jar were being the source of the problem.  Alex 25 secs ago
1 Probably because concerns are separated? Do all methods on the root make sense for all nodes? This question is too broad for Stack Overflow, where we prefer more concrete coding problems. If you worked out this question with some more detail and your own research, it could be on topic for Programmers. But not in the state it is in as it stands.  Martijn Pieters 52 secs ago
0 Sure, glad to be of help.  When you have a definite answer, please post your findings for the benefit of future generations of programmers.  Mike Nakis 1 min ago
0 and use that IDE to keep track of refactoring  Very few programmers use IDE's to "keep track of refactoring".   Heck, I'm not even sure what you mean by "keep track of refactoring" -- you make a change, you test the change.   Anyway, what about just using a good source control system like SVN or similar?  PaulMcKenzie 1 min ago
0 Welcome to SO. You have searched the net so if you could show us what you have that is not working and we can help you improve it. This could be a good question if the community has something to build from. As it stands this is not a good question which is why you are getting down votes. Also you are asking for a batch answer but tagged PowerShell which looks like you are just fishing for an answer. We are here to help programmers and programming enthusiasts. We are not a code writing service.  Matt 1 min ago
0 Xcode is buggy with Swift as I noted in my answer. This is frustrating, especially for beginners. But it doesn't change the fact that Swift has vastly simpler syntax and takes generally fewer lines of code to get the job done. If you have been doing ObjC for a long time, you might be forgetting how hard it is. I've had several experienced C# programmers tell me how scary ObjC is to them. Have you tried mentoring a new person in ObjC versus Swift? I've done both and explaining Swift is a lot easier.  Mike Taverne 1 min ago
0 You didn't say that you initialized it to an explicit value. Why are all the programmers on here such jerks?  shawnt00 11 secs ago
0 @Pickle: I would be surprised if it couldn't, though, I'm afraid I don't have much personal experience of it. I do know that it supports C++, is multi-platform and, as far as I can gather, is generally highly regarded by programmers.  Component 10 1 min ago
0 @TheLostMind, Fields and methods and objects.   Or really, variables and methods and objects; fields being just one of several different kinds of variable in Java.  A variable is not an object, and learning that seems to be one of the biggest conceptual hurdles that newbies face before they can become effective programmers.  I often say things like "foo can be modified" when what I really mean is, "the object to which foo refers can be modified," but that's lazy of me, and it's misleading.  I try not to do it in this forum where so many newbies abide.  james large 51 secs ago
0 Bullcrap!  A final field can never be modified after the object has been initialized.  Don't confuse the noobs.  You apparently use "field" and "object" interchangeably.  So do I... when I'm talking to experienced programmers who know the difference, but noobs don't know the difference.  When you're talking to the noobs say, "A final field can not be modified, but the object to which it refers may be mutable, and so..."  james large 1 min ago
0 It is not clear what you are asking. Can you give a complete example, understandable by non-master-chess-player programmers?  DrKoch 9 secs ago
0 Programmers use Windbg when their program fails due to heap corruption.  They should never be surprised that, you know, it tells you that the heap is corrupted.  Hans Passant 1 min ago
0 @user3608262: no, I'm telling you PL/SQL isn't not designed specifically to be picked up quickly by non-programmers. Sure you'll get a grip of it fast enough, mastering it will take a whole lot more time though, especially since that requires a lot of knowledge about the database itself. (I don't know TSQL.)  Mat 1 min ago
0 It's irrelevant for SO.  SO is a Q & A site for professional and enthusiast PROGRAMMERS, not a 'fix my malwared-up laptop' site.  Martin James 31 secs ago
0 @JohnSonderson Compilers are not allowed to optimize out function calls. Think about it: what if the map is accessed concurrently, and there is a change done to the map between the two accesses? Compilers have no way of knowing it; programmers do. Hence, adding a reference manually is the only way to avoid the second function call.  dasblinkenlight 1 min ago
0 You know Sparky, I'm not really all that interested in you telling me what you're NOT here for, I'm more interested in you telling me how I can get help.  In other words, where can I find the PHP that will complete the task I've explained here? I'll remind you that the vast majority of programming languages, such as PHP, AJAX, PERL, C, C++, Ruby, JavaScript, etc. are being used by people who are non-programmers, like you, for example.  The bottom line is, people "borrow" various programming to meet their needs.  Just like I'm trying to do, Sparky.  user1641354 39 secs ago
2 @jww questions like this are typically closed as too broad at Programmers. It's also unclear what help asker needs.  gnat 1 min ago
1 This does not seem like a bad question, but it might be kind of broad for Stack Overflow. Programmers Stack Exchange might be a better place because they field higher level design questions, and this seems to fall into that category.  jww 26 secs ago
0 @BsD: No, assemblers doesn't need to follow the instruction sets at all, anyone could invent their own set if they liked, but keeping close to the defined set means that a lot of programmers already know it. One notable exception is CIL used in the .NET framework, a object oriented assembly language which compiles into bytecode that is not specific to any CPU. When the code is executed, it's first converted by the JIT (just-in-time) compiler to machine code for the specific CPU where it will run.  Guffa 29 secs ago
		//			GET http://chat.stackexchange.com/search?q=programmers&Room=20298&User=125580&page=5&pagesize=50&sort=newest
0 @BsD: No, assemblers doesn't need to follow the instruction sets at all, anyone could invent their own set if they liked, but keeping close to the defined set means that a lot of programmers already know it. One notable exception is CIL used in the .NET framework, a object oriented assembly language which compiles into bytecode that is not specific to any CPU. When the code is executed, it's first converted by the JIT (just-in-time) compiler to machine code for the specific CPU where it will run.  Guffa 29 secs ago
0 @Alex Because, it is convention. Coding conventions are a set of guidelines for a specific programming language. Software programmers are highly recommended to follow these guidelines to help improve the readability of their source code and make software maintenance easier. I recommend to read this.  Farhad Jabiyev 1 min ago
0 Please be aware, user (application) level timers are inaccurate. This is root cause of many issues where programmers did not pay attention.  Roman Nikitchenko 1 min ago
0 @TobiasJohansson The shift is faster than division, but its compiler's job, not programmers, to make the substitution.  dasblinkenlight 55 secs ago
0 I thought this was a site for professional and enthusiast programmers. However, this Q&A shows that it's also a playground for noobs. Noobs sharing error-prone code. Future readers: Do as the pros: Set option strict On. Even Jeff Atwoods, the co-founder of Stack Overflow, says that "You should ALWAYS turn Option Strict On for every application".  Bjrn-Roger Kringsj 56 secs ago
0 No, this is not a typical VS2013 problem, you're on your own.  When you have a problem that hundreds of thousand other programmers don't have then you suspect your machine first.  Try another one.  Or you can call Microsoft Support and they'll ask you to do otherwise unguessable things to arrive at a diagnostic.  Which might well be "try another machine" :)  Hans Passant 1 min ago
0 The class Vehicle<T extends Vehicle<T>> construct is a highly advanced and extremely rarely used construct implemented only by veteran programmers who usually try it for a while and then decide that it was a bad idea and revert to something far simpler.  Mike Nakis 58 secs ago
0 +1 for "IF NOT EXIST" as a robust way for apps to ensure that tables exist without risk of disturbing extant database contents.  Programmers new to DBMS coding should take this to heart and also consider learning about "migrations" frameworks to ensure that their schema is maintained in sync with their code.  Jim Dennis 1 min ago
0 Well @dk... I did check but I did not copy paste... Retyped here and hence typing mistake.  Anyways... Some good points  by you are probably genuine...  But do you want me to explain what promises are in an answer.  Also... Stackoverflow is a place for programmers to get help in problems... Biggest part of that would be helping them in understanding the mistake in their code... Not just how to fix it...  And neither by providing a functionally pure, idiomatic scala solution.  Sarvesh Kumar Singh 1 min ago
0 @user3905353 - Just wanted to add a little more context to my previous comment.  SO is designed to help solve programming problems and build a library of answers to help solve them.  In this instance the problem you posted how to solve "syntax error, unexpected tIVAR, expecting end-of-input" is solved by adding the missing "end"statements.  Other novice programmers who search SO for similar problems will not be able to solve it by simply removing class and method definitions as this solution dictates.  This simply is not a real world solution to the problem you posted.  heading_to_tahiti 45 secs ago
0 negative one for missing the point. counting cycles keeps you on the way, when we oop-programmers writing two or three classes here?  Aitch 1 min ago
0 Yeah, I don't care if they cheat at all highscore...But for example, in the game where you have virtual coins or upgrades which can user get only if he played long enough or has spent some money in in-app purchase programmers should care about cheating. Because if user can make unlimited coins the whole purpose of in-app purchase is defeated. And second, I would like to think that my game is not vunerable :) At least not much...  Whirlwind 3 mins ago
0 If you're planning on going into computer science, you really should get a degree. I learned so much that isn't just code. Programming practices, how system work, what not to do, etc. But also, you need to be able to learn ANY programming language. Most programmers know at least a handful.  mbomb007 49 secs ago
0 We thought Stack Overflow "is a question and answer site for professional and enthusiast programmers". We ask a question and someone answers to that question? Correct?  BPI 1 min ago
0 Although this was clearly done to save on keywords, the reuse of void in this fashion serves only to confuse. But all C programmers gotta stomach it, I suppose...  SevenBits 37 secs ago
0 NullReferenceException is a common situation for programmers. The link I provide should help you to undertand the problem. Use the debugger and see where/when/what is null.  Soner Gnl 1 min ago
1 Testing the programmers chat bot. retromedia.ign.com/retro/image/article/949/949206/ programmers.stackexchange.  MetaFight 1 min ago
1 I'm confused as to why this is going to Programmers. It is a typical agile Scrum question. What am I missing?  Barnaby Golden 15 secs ago
1 I have flagged for migration to Programmers, please wait for the migration to occur.  GlenH7 1 min ago
1 You might want to ask at Programmers instead.  Juhana 17 secs ago
0 Question on Stackoverflow usually contain:     a specific programming problem, or     a software algorithm, or     software tools commonly used by programmers; and is     a practical, answerable problem that is unique to software development  This question seems too open ended, and will not be easily answered.  Chris Frank 1 min ago
1 This is off-topic for Stack Overflow, try Programmers Stack Exchange.  zenith 19 secs ago
0 I was just using Xcode for my test, the real example comes from Data Structures for Game Programmers by Ron Penton, so I'm assuming you can get away with it in most instances. @SebastianRedl  Congomon 1 min ago
0 Thank You for Your answer. I think I have to rephrase my question: Why does it behave like that? What is the intention of the programmers to make it behave like that?  My issue is that I made a lot of different diagrams with same-sized boxes to make the formatting consistent. Then I realized I didn't have enough space in one of them, but if I scaled all of them a bit smaller, but still comfortable to read.  According to Your suggestion, I would have had to resize some hundred panels and the spaces between them, which would have been tedious and error-prone.  user3240047 1 min ago
0 Can you give me a hint on how to do this?  Small hint- You have to write a program (Programmers all around the world recommend this)  Bhargav Rao 1 min ago
0 That's correct, they are not available in C#.  Bit of history, the original classic VB6 had default instances, and they were not included in VB.Net 1.0 and 1.1 because Microsoft wanted to make VB.Net "on par" with C# in terms of correct OOP.  There was such an outcry from VB programmers making the transition to .Net, though, that they were brought back in VB.Net 2.0 and they've stayed ever since.  Idle_Mind 23 secs ago
0 Actually if you wanna to put it this way then nodeAt(2) is O(2) .. nodeAt(3) is O(3) ..and so on.  You're thinking too much. As programmers we try to avoid thinking as much as possible.  Qwertyzw 2 mins ago
0 If you haven't heard of "premature optimization" then you might enjoy reading what Donald Knuth had to say on the matter. Here is a sample of his quotes:  "Premature optimization is the root of all evil (or at least most of it) in programming."  "Programmers waste enormous amounts of time thinking about, or worrying about, the speed of noncritical parts of their programs, and these attempts at efficiency actually have a strong negative impact when debugging and maintenance are considered."  bhspencer 51 secs ago
0 @WarrenP this idea was a back up idea but I ended up getting into the idea of RTTI and learning how to use it.  What a good way to try it and lastly, good thing its my own code base so no need to worry bout other programmers otherwise like you said, a different approach would of been discussed initially ;)  Daniel Hobson 1 min ago
0 @startoftext: That's not what I meant by copy/paste code.  By copy/paste code, I mean trying to cobble together a program by copy/pasting code snippets from the Internet.  Real programmers actually write code that meets their needs!  Robert Harvey  1 min ago
0 Apologies if the point was not obvious, but the question has over 4000 votes because people were actually allowed to answer it, and not because it was closed.  If moderators had closed the question as "too broad"  as soon as it was posted, it would not have 4000 votes and, more importantly, thousands of bona fide programmers would have been deprived of the very helpful answers which garnered the votes and popularity.  Is the community better or worse for having the question answered?  tohster 1 min ago
0 stackoverflow.com/questions/388242/ -  This question would also be closed as too broad for the audience here, despite the fact that it has actually helped thousands of programmers and, wonderfully, as survived as a triumph of usefulness over rules. You are right that this is a meta topic, though.  tohster 2 mins ago
0 As stackoverflow has grown it's unfortunate that overmoderation has killed what are actually helpful questions.  This was not an unreasonable or overly general question, and it's one many programmers would reasonable ask and want a community answer on. Classifying this as too general may be a fun exercise of moderator power, but actions like that relegate stackoverflow to answering questions related to minutae rather than questions which are actually helpful.  I note that many of the most popular (and useful) questions on SO would be closed as too general by today's overzealous moderators.  tohster 1 min ago
0 If that's a virus, then millions of aspiring programmers are now expert black hats.  AndyG 54 secs ago
0 It is not some "random programmers" who designed C.  Basile Starynkevitch 38 secs ago
0 This is the correct answer. Programmers should not re-invent the wheel (unless there's a really good reason).  James Watkins 2 mins ago
0 Without pointers to pointers to pointers, we wouldn't have three-star programmers  Yakk 1 min ago
0 Before you try to continue, take a few days and read through the standard Ruby book (amazon.com/Programming-Ruby-1-9-2-0-Programmers/dp/1937785491/) and the latest RoR book (amazon.com/Agile-Development-Rails-Facets-Ruby/dp/1937785564/).  No offense intended but you don't have enough of the basics down to even know how to ask the question, much less how to write the program.  Michael Chaney 59 secs ago
0 Usage of global variables is evil, especially for beginner programmers (-1).  pmg 2 mins ago
0 No, to tell other programmers that's what the code is doing  RobEarl 1 min ago
0 @StephenC Lets keep things simple... if he does not need it.. he should not leave it open... "Good habit for new programmers"... Experienced programmers can decide otherwise ( because of some "known" factors) .  Sarvesh Kumar Singh 2 mins ago
2 Related (on Programmers): programmers.stackexchange.com/q/196112/110531  jonrsharpe 1 min ago
0 ow that is a disadvantage for programmers that wanna use facebook, I go looking for include other social media and maybe with email invitations  robbie demaegdt 2 mins ago
0 @BastiM  As virtual box is open source I imagine there are programmers here who know the code.  The question can be generalized to "Why would a virtual machine software not recommend a certain amount of ram", VB is what I have so i dont know if it is true for all vm.  Does that clarify?  Im not asking how to use the software  user1938107 1 min ago
0 Thank You Stanley. I could do that but I want my code little neater fso that the future programmers wont get confused.. I was playing with interfaces but not able to get the right way to do it.  user3567026 47 secs ago
		//			GET http://chat.stackexchange.com/search?q=programmers&Room=20298&User=125580&page=6&pagesize=50&sort=newest
0 Thank You Stanley. I could do that but I want my code little neater fso that the future programmers wont get confused.. I was playing with interfaces but not able to get the right way to do it.  user3567026 47 secs ago
0 Such demeaning responses. Last time I use this website, I'm sorry I'm not a full fledged programmer you have to start somewhere, and clearly this is not the website for it when I'm getting sarcastic answers by snobby programmers. Thanks though.  Winterone 1 min ago
1 Come to think of it this question may be more appropriate for the Programmers community of Stack Exchange.  jxramos 1 min ago
0 Both answers were very helpful, your groupings with the parentheses made it click. I don't like the fact that it is overloading without me knowing about it, it seems this will lead to programmers not knowing exactly what is going on. I will make sure to change my use of string literals.  user2676680 44 secs ago
0 @MattMcNabb The problems could be fixed easily but if nobody points them out, a bad example will be taught to new programmers and they will adapt those poor patterns because the one who was showing them how to program used them too.  5gon12eder 2 mins ago
0 Stack Overflow is a site for programmers and programming questions. Casting about for some Wordpress plugins is off-topic here.  Hobo Sapiens 56 secs ago
0 ...to sign-extend int values which are shifted right, does the vagueness offer any benefit to anyone that would offset the cost of forcing programmers to write constructs like (int)((n ^ 0x80000000u) >> 4)-0x8000000?  supercat 1 min ago
0 @Tom You're right, professional programmers would probably do it differently. For example, they would not limit it to count_two_chars, making it countChars(String s, char... chars), letting their callers pass as many chars as they wish.  dasblinkenlight 17 secs ago
2 @levi this would be closed downvoted and deleted on programmers in a hot second. Go learn the scope of the site before suggesting people post things there. Career and education advice is explicitly off topic on Programmers.  Jimmy Hoffa 43 secs ago
0 I thought about this, but the problem is, when other programmers check out the project and compile, they will have to add the jar to their local repository; and they won't know to do so, so it won't compile.  ktm5124 34 secs ago
0 If people complaining about PHP, i's because they really don't know how to programming with it.  PHP is the third most language programming used for programmers.  bcesars 2 mins ago
0 So, if we're on the Team page, should the parent <li> have a colour added, or a class-name? Don't give us 'options,' explain what you want/need. And please, please, show us your best efforts or evidence that you know what you're talking about: this is a site for professional and enthusiast programmers, not a free code-writing service.  David Thomas 40 secs ago
0 Lutz, I believe it is, I am asking fellow Python Programmers if there is a script where my program will change into a bootstrap?...  jamiecalver 1 min ago
0 Likely your example is for a different version of the tool or not compatible with the part you have chosen so you may want to contact the vendor for upgrades; of course if the idea itself is practical you can always rework things by hand using information from the data sheet/programmers manual, perhaps to modify an nrf51822 configuration.  Chris Stratton 41 secs ago
0 I agree Pattern matching is an important concept in Scala. I am just talking about mixing of multiple concepts making the code elegant, idiomatic but  cryptic to new programmers.  Sarvesh Kumar Singh 39 secs ago
2 @ivan_pozdeev I am not sure I agree.  This question really is too much about code and implementation to be a good fit at Programmers.  maple_shaft 1 min ago
2 Your question seems overly broad, and as far as asking for recommendation of software packages / libraries / surveys is concerned, is considered off-topic here. After consulting the help center for Programmers SE it seems your question would also be off-topic there, so I have no recommendation as to where to ask.  njuffa 1 min ago
0 Looks disturbingly simple, yeah.  We programmers are trained to search out the hidden huge complex procedure that drives the whole system and when it's not there it's kind of unnerving.  Bill K 18 secs ago
0 you are unlikely to get a answer for this. Unfortunately, the value you want to include on the fax is not present above, you will need to look through the original plugin to find where the value is available and this requires a php programmer. If you google hire php programmers you should be able to find someone to do this for you  David 12 secs ago
0 A lot of the Office indexers return a value of type object, roughly equivalent to the .NET 1.x collection objects like ArrayList.  Which maps to __ComObject, the RCW for a COM interface.  It has no get_Range() method, only the strongly typed interface does.  Using Range invokes the late-bound property getter.  You'd have to cast to WorkSheet to use get_Range().  Which is not uncommon, breaking up such a long statement is desirable and many programmers like the IntelliSense hints.  Hans Passant 1 min ago
0 @Spartacus It happens, even with experienced programmers. Now you can take that 60 minutes to draft a really great question :) Make sure to explain the actual problem you're trying to solve, e.g. "I have a file that looks like <sample input file>. It is a CSV file where column 1 holds IDs and column 2 holds names. I need to find all the IDs where the name starts with 'J'. I tried A, B, and C (<actual code snippet>), but they took more than 10 minutes to run on a 42 byte file. How can I do this more quickly?" Make sure to include sample input and your expected output. Good luck!  ThisSuitIsBlackNot 58 secs ago
0 languages such as BASIC and FORTRAN  may not have bitwise operators (depending on the variant). It's common in those languages to do things, like encoding 'options' to a function in decimal digits of an integer, which may seem bizarre to C programmers. And things like a*sel + b*(1-sel) instead of sel ? a  : b.  greggo 28 secs ago
0 It is a pity your answer is too complex - in the comments - for novice Android programmers :-(  Antonio Sesto 19 secs ago
2 This would really be unlikely to work on programmers. @JNYRanger you should probably spend time on that site to learn it's scope before suggesting people post their questions there. This is very vague and broad and lacks any specific question so it likely wouldn't fit on any SE site at all. It would be closed if posted on Programmers.  Jimmy Hoffa 1 min ago
2 @DmitryAlexandrov some licensing questions are on topic at Programmers but this would likely be closed as "unclear what you're asking."  So this type of question wouldn't be welcomed there.  GlenH7 1 min ago
2 @AndrewOdri: What makes you think this question would be suitable for Programmers?  Robert Harvey  38 secs ago
0 My teacher told me I can not use the first because it is frowned upon by the community of programmers, that's why Im asking.  Fran 1 min ago
2 @Mints97 - Please don't recommend asking questions like this on Programmers.  It would be quickly closed as too broad and possibly heavily down voted.  GlenH7 1 min ago
0 Anger management isn't programming either, though some programmers could benefit from it :)  MetaFight 1 min ago
0 and spaghetti is food eaten by programmers, yet you don't see cooking questions here. you're not asking for programming help. you're asking for what boils down to systems administration/recovery, which is offtopic.  Marc B 1 min ago
0 .mdf files are Microsoft SQL Server Database files that are used for Programmers.  user3044096 1 min ago
0 SQL Injection continues to be a common form of vulnerability, too many "programmers" cut and paste from examples and don't fix them. Therefore my policy is that non-parametrised queries are never acceptable, even in the simplest of examples. The next break in might be your personal data.  Richard 1 min ago
0 One approach is writing code, this technique is used by many programmers around the world.  Maroun Maroun 1 min ago
Post("@Mints97 Have you seen the number of questions in this question? I can bet you that this would get closed as "too broad" on programmers.  Simon Andr Forsberg 1 min ago
0 Semantically speaking, the table tag is meant for listing tabular data. It is not optimized to build structure. The lack of response to your question is due to the fact that most decent web programmers know and agree with the above statement and will be reluctant to help you find a fix/workaround for your issue even though it is technically achievable.  Andrei Gheorghiu 40 secs ago
0 @LiuGuangxuan This seems to be an error in the original book too. It should probably read either "1024" or "1024.0f". (Possibly, an ambitiuous proofreader thought "hey, 1024.0 and 1024 are the same, so I'll remove the unnecessary '.0'. Stupid programmers, they know nothing about math.")  molbdnilo 50 secs ago
2 @GlenH7 software licensing questions were asked and answered on Programmers in the past. And the question above fits into Q&A form perfectly, it's not a discussion.  Eugene Mayevski 'EldoS Corp 1 min ago
0 People come on Stackoverflow because they need help getting some of their code to work. Experienced programmers gather together to look at your code and sometimes they can spot the problem immediately. Other times, they plug the code into their compiler, debug it and spend a little time on trying to figure out the problem. When you don't post any code though, it makes it real hard to spot the problem in your code or debug your code.  Icemanind 47 secs ago
2 @TarynEast Programmers has the same standards as Stack Overflow as far as opinion-based questions and tool recommendations go.  World Engineer 41 secs ago
1 Hiya, this is an interesting question and the answers will be useful... but as you guessed, sadly it's not a good fit for Stack Overflow, where we prefer questions with a specific, right answer (rather than discussions about which tool might be better). In the past, such questions have led to debate, and flamewars and that tends to tear the community apart :( But you may yet find a better home for your question. Try the "programmers' stack exchange site: programmers.stackexchange.com  Taryn East 1 min ago
0 ok, so...this forum is only for programmers?!?! :O  And...there is no help for the beginners? :O ...no comment to this!!!  Roberta 1 min ago
0 @RohitSharma, kinda but only if your selling something. Amazon did a study that for every 100ms load increase they lost 1% of sales revenue. But if that's a problem for you, then throw hardware at it, after all Hardware is Cheap, Programmers are Expensive.  Mark Tomlin 1 min ago
2 I posted a question on programmers that is very much related to this functional area:  programmers.stackexchange.com/questions/271690/.  I would appreciate it if you could take a look and offer your expert opinion.  Thanks in advance  amphibient 1 min ago
0 This question is not a good format for Stack Overflow. This is intended to be a site for answering specific programming related questions, to help programmers solve their issues. It is not a discussion site to discuss perceived shortcomings with available software.  mason 1 min ago
1 This is more about computer science theory and asymptotic analysis. It's more appropriate for Programmers SE.  franklin 29 secs ago
0 Note that it is a good idea to drop the inline from static inline: With static the compiler already knows that the given function is only ever used in the given translation unit and can make a better choice about inlining it than the programmer who adds the inline to the definition. Too much inlining hurts performance as much as too little inlining, and most programmers who add the inline keyword do not know or test whether inlining that function will indeed speed things up. Of course, if your tests(!) show that static inline is faster than static, go ahead and use it :-)  cmaster 2 mins ago
0 Thanks for all the input.   What I hear J an David saying is "Just be careful and write the code right the first time."  Maybe you guys are better programmers than me, but I don't like walking a tightrope without a net. I make mistakes. And I like to catch them before ship my code.  RobertFrank 2 mins ago
0 Well, not only will the HTML editors complain, but browsers will render it in unexpected ways. OP wants to know why, and I'm generally happier working with programmers who ask why instead of blindly going "you just can't, ok?"  ceejayoz 1 min ago
2 @tnw: This question would never pass muster on Programmers.  Robert Harvey  1 min ago
		//			GET http://chat.stackexchange.com/search?q=programmers&Room=20298&User=125580&page=7&pagesize=50&sort=newest
1 Not particularly, no. SO is not really made for getting inspiration for a project, perhaps a re-wording of your question would work on Programmers SE.  Elizion 1 min ago
0 Is there a way I can change the default behaviour? is a terrible idea.  Anyone who uses your assembly or new programmers will have no idea why a method that has always worked one way, now works another way.  Instead write your own extension method ToScientificFloat() and/or ToScientificInt().  Now when people see this method, they instantly know it's doing something that is not default behavior.  Erik Philips 2 mins ago
0 Well... Its Common behavior on StackOverFlow is to downvote any answers to such questions. I am telling you "free answers without effort"" is against the well being of StackOverFlow in long time. Also... I am advising you this... because you seem to be new here and seem to share a good purpose of helping fellow programmers. Best Wishes... keep on helping people.  Sarvesh Kumar Singh 2 mins ago
0 @ScottHunter list  is not the primary data structure in Prolog. Just a type of compound term that is often misused and abused, specially by novice programmers.  Paulo Moura 14 secs ago
2 Relevant question from Programmers:  programmers.stackexchange.com/q/204786/53019  GlenH7 1 min ago
0 I really don't care to write code to be readable by developers that can't understand something they don't expect. More relevant is whether or not it is a good idea to begin with despite what other developers might expect. If it is a good idea, good developers will be capable of comprehending, appreciating, and even adopting it. Now I'm not promoting the code in the original question, but I personally do something that shares something in common with it, and it does not conform to what other programmers expect or promote as good practice. But I don't care, because it is awesome.  INTPnerd 54 secs ago
0 @luk32: Yes, we can do all sort of inadvisable things as programmers. That is why in part SO exists...to help its users distinguish between good and bad practices. Just because something is possible, doesn't mean it is a good idea.  DavidRR 1 min ago
0 Which again makes it clear how useless __del__ is. For instance, if I where to use objects of a mutex guard class, I couldn't do the unlocking in the guard class's __del__ method, because it's not enough to know that __del__ will get called when ever the GC feels like doing its job ... I need to mutex released right when the guard object "goes out of scope" (I know that's stretching it, given Python's scoping rules). IMO __del__ gives programmers the false impression that RAII in Python is doable via destructors when it really isn't. You have to use context managers for that.  antred 23 secs ago

0 @RenaissanceProgrammer Using Chrome and installing Chromecast solves it for you individually, yes. The question is more aimed at programmers who want to remove the problem for their end-users.
0 &quot;looks more natural to scientists and engineers&quot;, yes but it looks unnatural to C# programmers.
0 Short answer, I would suggest to do what you are confident with. It&#39;s not crucial as I get it, and also it doesn&#39;t look like you are developing a library, which will be re-used many times by many programmers, so go ahead
0 In general, log messages are written to the `System.err`, that&#39;s a separate channel (most terminals interleave `stdout` and `sterr`, but then programmers can split the streams themselves).
0 what if you dropped the term &quot;programmers environment&quot; and took it as a straight question of &quot;why is vagrant doing this?&quot;
0 @DanielA.White Are you sure?  I recall asking similar questions over there in the past and they pushed it back to Stack Overflow because it was about setting up a programmers environment.  Is there official policy on this?
0 @Akarienta This is true, but it doesn&#39;t help when someone simply doesn&#39;t know the functions to use yet. This could have been a two word solution of `concatMap show`, it&#39;s simply learning the API. The actual problem solved here was learning about previously unknown functions in Prelude. It&#39;s not that OP needed to adapt a more complex problem to fit his needs, it&#39;s merely ignorance of an existing solution. Yes, programmers need to learn how to read documentation and follow similar problems, but I&#39;m going to wager that you didn&#39;t know about `concatMap` when you first started using Haskell.
0 @bheklilr Programmers have to think about the problems and be able to adapt very similar problem to his own. If he asks and gets the answer directly, he learns nothing and will be a beginner forever.
2 @user2348184 - there&#39;s insufficient information to answer this question.  It would get closed and possibly downvoted on Programmers.  See also: http://meta.programmers.stackexchange.com/questions/7182/what-goes-on-programmers-se-a-guide-for-stack-overflow

        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
0 @UlrichEckhardt The &quot;random&quot; part is no longer the case. After re-cloning the repo again, it is now always the same (depicted in the screenshot). About the on-topic-ness, questions about <a href="http://stackoverflow.com/help/on-topic"><code>software tools commonly used by programmers</code></a> are perfectly fine here. 
0 @IanAuld this question is a poor fit for Programmers - it would be quickly voted down and closed over there, see <a href="http://meta.programmers.stackexchange.com/questions/6483/why-was-my-question-closed-or-down-voted/6490#6490Recommended" title="why was my question closed or down voted">meta.programmers.stackexchange.com/questions/6483/</a> reading: <b><a href="http://meta.programmers.stackexchange.com/q/7182/31260">What goes on Programmers.SE? A guide for Stack Overflow</a></b> 
0 Secondly follow naming conventions.. Makes it easier for other programmers to read.. 
0 You might find this <a href="http://programmers.stackexchange.com/q/149563/191547">question in Programmers</a> relevant. 
1 This type of question is off topic for Stackoverflow. SO is for specific programming problems. While some discussion is encouraged, a question like this would probably be better suited for a different SO site. Check the on topic questions readme on Programmers. 
0 <i>To make the right decision, I have to know what kind of pitfalls there might be lurking outside from my naive view of the C++ language.</i> -- The pitfall is thinking you can dive right into class design without a good amount of C++ experience. In addition, those libraries have to do much more than your toy program to ensure that all or most bases are covered. Those libraries have to be used by thousands of programmers in different scenarios. Why not take these &quot;hard to use&quot; libraries, and create a wrapper around them instead of trying to outdo the experts? 
0 You're welcome buddy, Android studio is based on Maven. In Maven most of the libraries will be added like approach 3. Advanced programmers search <a href="http://search.maven.org/" rel="nofollow">search.maven.org</a> for their libraries and then add them with groupid, Artifactid, and version to their project. Try to find your library there. 
2 @JamesThorpe - No. Just flat out no. This would not work over at Programmers. 
1 This question <i>might</i> (you need to check) be more on topic over at <a href="http://programmers.stackexchange.com">Programmers</a>, but it's not really a good fit as a &quot;programming problem&quot; on SO. 
0 From <a href="http://www.kalzumeus.com/2010/06/17/falsehoods-programmers-believe-about-names/" rel="nofollow">falsehoods programmers believe about names</a> - <i>15. Peoples names do not contain numbers.</i> 
0 Well, the code is wrong for several reasons. First of all, you've put <code>&quot;FldPath &amp; picture.png&quot;</code> inside of a string, which means it will be interpreted as a string, and not concatenated. Second, setting objects to <code>Nothing</code> is worthless in VB.NET. It is an old practice from VB 6, carried over by cargo-cult programmers. The third problem is similar: calling <code>GC.Collect()</code> is generally a bad idea unless you're doing some specific kind of performance testing. It doesn't belong in production code without a very good reason. It is certainly not something that you call &quot;just to be safe&quot; or whatever. 
0 @SergeyA All your &quot;never&quot;'s only apply to low-skilled programmers, who find it easier to learn a thousand of &quot;never&quot;-rules instead of learning how C++ works. Not all C++ programmers are <i>that</i> silly. 
0 @ErikAlap&auml;&auml; There almost certainly exists no case where you would want to use signed integers together with hex notation literals. All it will cause is subtle bugs and head ache. This is actually a huge problem for the embedded industry, when naive PC programmers try to write hardware programming C code, with their ints and floats. 
1 @henrikgiesel: Crap questions are still crap even if they are on-topic. <a href="http://programmers.stackexchange.com">Programmers</a> gets enough crap questions organically, sending even more is not productive. 
2 @henrikgiesel blatant homework types of problems will be poorly received on programmers. This is basically a &quot;how do I code&quot; question and not at all a practically answerable question. 
0 I wanted to know a bit of both. Internal differences in the way they process information (performance, etc.) and best practices (if there is any) to write code that is both useful and nice to other programmers. 
0 NO I never said that parentheses are needed, I meant only, that some programmers use them in expressions before returning it. 
0 While this is certainly a better way to do it, I think it's still better in this case to focus on fixing the code he's written, rather than suggesting he scrap it and do it a simpler way. What he's trying to do is a common idiom--where you go through a loop, but have to keep track of whether you've found something and then check <i>after</i> the loop. And it's an idiom that a lot of newer programmers get wrong. I think it's important that he learn how to do the idiom right. 
0 Programmers can confuse any thing from smallest to biggest. I don't really care you believe or not, that what I know so I contribute my knowledge to every one. Public these rules is violate the right/policy, if you want I can send you through your private contact :) 
0 I don't believe programmers will confuse <code>#define TRUE !FALSE</code> to &quot;think that TRUE represents every value which [is] not 0&quot;. The not operator is trivial and doesn't work that way in any language. The concept of a thing which is &quot;every value which is not X&quot; doesn't even exist in C. If there is such a rule about defining true and false I think you're misinterpreting the rationale behind it. They likely don't want coders defining their own booleans at all and to instead use <code>stdbool.h</code>. 
0 I would appreciate if legitimate, if ignorant, questions weren't downvoted, as it prevents new users from asking questions, and delays new user's access to the features that allow them to contribute. Remember that most advice is not detailed enough to help new programmers, so unless you already know that, for example, slice() is a method for functions, not strings, you will never find out by googling. 
0 There are multiple Varients or taste or <code>design Pattern</code> used by multiple programmers now a days. So Implement as per your need. 
0 There are bad and good programmers, my friend. 
2 This question is off-topic here, as it has nothing to do with programming or programmers tools. This is a server related issue. It is probably better suited for one of the *nix sites (<a href="http://askubuntu.com">Ask Ubuntu</a> or <a href="http://unix.stackexchange.com">Unix &amp; Linux</a>) or <a href="http://serverfault.com">Server Fault</a> instead. (Not downvoting, although I did vote to close as off-topic.) 
0 At this site, we're a bunch of programmers helping each other write code. If you're developing, welcome! (Share some code or ask a coding question!) I'm not sure the people who can answer this want to use this site to answer it. Good luck! 
0 But that is the problem, premature optimization, per Don Knuth: &quot;The real problem is that programmers have spent far too much time worrying about efficiency in the wrong places and at the wrong times; premature optimization is the root of all evil (or at least most of it) in programming.&quot; Kent Beck: Do The Simplest Thing That Could Possibly Work 
0 @Marco_D please clarify why this is not what you wanted. When talking about bits, &quot;first&quot; and &quot;last&quot; is confusing. In machine terms &quot;first bit&quot; means bit 0 which is the lowest bit. Programmers usually follow this convention. If you want year to be placed to the &quot;top&quot; or &quot;most significant&quot; bits then please edit the question to reflect such. 
0 I thought you'd be interested in extending your knowledge. I'm not here for points or to &quot;show off&quot; but for learning, helping and solving problems in an efficient way. You talk from code that &quot;ordinary programmers&quot; understand but use regex yourself with recursion, <code>\K</code>, lookahead, shorthands, free spacing mode (for whatever reason)... without explaining much about how your patterns work. And why I'm critical with your answer? Because you seem to be extremely critical about others that use and explain techniques that might not be basic regex, but are well-established nowadays. Farewell. 
0 oops, sorry to post in the wrong place. I was going off the help screen:We feel the best Stack Overflow questions have a bit of source code in them, but if your question generally covers... a specific programming problem a software algorithm software tools commonly used by programmers matters that are unique to the programming profession ...then you're in the right place to ask your question! 
0 accelerate and deaccelerate just change the speed. But I fixed this by creating a bool called collided and if you hit the wall it is set to true and if you hit the wall while collided is true and going forward you will go backwards and opposite if going backwards. This also fixed my collision problem that I had where the car glitches through the wall. Thanks anyways :) I love speaking to other programmers. 
1 You could try Programmers. But first check to make sure a similar hasn't been asked already. 
0 @Martha this question is a <i>very</i> poor fit for Programmers - it would be quickly voted down and closed over there, see <a href="http://meta.programmers.stackexchange.com/q/6961/31260">Green fields, blue skies, and the white board - what is too broad?</a> Recommended reading: <b><a href="http://meta.programmers.stackexchange.com/q/7182/31260">What goes on Programmers.SE? A guide for Stack Overflow</a></b> 
0 Hmm so they would serialize as A&lt;B&lt;C&lt;D&lt;Point&gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; but deserialize to D&lt;B&lt;C&lt;A&lt;Point&gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; ? This can work if you deserialize simply to Point*. It will not only read fields correctly but instantiate the right class for you. Or do you mean serializing A&lt;B&lt;C&gt; &gt; &gt; and deserializing to D&lt;E&lt;F&gt; &gt; &gt; and common base class is absolutely prohibited? As long as there's a common base you can read to the base pointer and it will not only get it right but instantiate the correct type. The latter admittedly has to be introduced by BOOST_CLASS_EXPORT_GUID - not a problem for programmers. Who's your audience? 
2 I was unable to find anything on Google, that is why I have posted to a programmers question and answer site. 
0 @bobblebubble: |I can't help but think you're just showing off here. You and I know what the star commands do, but you're asking someone to put them in code that probably several others will have to maintain, and they are not common knowledge. I've written my solution by dividing the problem into parts and solving them separately. Even so I had to write stuff that I'm not comfortable with, and I am still certain that a proper parser is the correct solution. You're not &quot;special&quot; if you can't come up with code that ordinary programmers can understand 
1 This is not really a specific-enough question for StackOverflow. You might have better luck at Programmers, though make sure to read their FAQ first. 
0 @p3aceful <b>Run away</b>. Using a debugger should be one of the first things a programmer learns. It is a <b>very</b> important tool in the programmers tool belt. 
0 Many programmers have bad habits, don't learn them. 
2 @JohnWhite programmers does not cover &quot;please give me examples for how to use a framework&quot; types of questions, it handles conceptual programming and software design questions -- not resource requests. 
1 <i>&quot;Is this possible and if yes can anyone give me an example on how to do this?&quot;</i> - This site is more like for cases when you question reads as <i>&quot;I'm trying to send an invite via mail with this code, but ... (it's not working)&quot;</i>. You want to check out the <a href="http://programmers.stackexchange.com/">programmers</a> section of stackexchange for conceptual questions. 
0 Thanks @dandavis came back to stackoverflow after years but its still has the same problem people getting the solution but not bothering to accept answer. But i not leaving this time and i appreciate people like you who actually are there to help other... i love this thing about programmers 
0 &quot;The real problem is that programmers have spent far too much time worrying about efficiency in the wrong places and at the wrong times; premature optimization is the root of all evil (or at least most of it) in programming.&quot; - <a href="https://en.wikiquote.org/wiki/Donald_Knuth" rel="nofollow">Donald Knuth</a> 
0 While this is not a specific programming problem in a specific language, I'd argue this is the appropriate Stack Exchange site to ask it, see <a href="http://stackoverflow.com/help/on-topic">What topics can I ask about here?</a> as it is both about <i>software tools commonly used by programmers</i> and <i>a practical, answerable problem that is unique to software development</i>, and not opinion-based. 
0 @Mark: As for e-mail, see the linked question. As for the other fields, just check that they're filled out with <i>something</i> - <code>if(trim($someField) === '') { // empty, show error }</code>. (Building a list of &quot;these are the only possible characters in a name&quot; is futile and <i>will</i> bite you: letters only? Then hope that Mike O'Hare never tries to send a form.) <a href="http://www.kalzumeus.com/2010/06/17/falsehoods-programmers-believe-about-names/" rel="nofollow">kalzumeus.com/2010/06/17/</a> 
0 @MatthieuM. Right, but <b>I</b> still think that it would help programmers coming from other languages to compare it with <code>void</code>... 
0 @DavidC.Rankin Sometimes even programmers makes mistaeks. 
0 Ugly code is the sad fate of bad programmers. 
0 <code>NullReferenceException</code> is a common situation for beginner programmers. The link provided should help you understand the problem. Then use the debugger to find what/where/when you have a variable that is <code>null</code>. I'm sure one of your properties is <code>null</code>. 
0 Maybe add the notion of &quot;void&quot;? Most programmers know &quot;void&quot;, so it would help, right? 
1 Stack Overflow is not a right place to ask such questions, try <a href="http://programmers.stackexchange.com">Programmers</a> (or even <a href="http://workplace.stackexchange.com">The Workplace</a>, though I'm not sure if this question would be on-topic there) instead. 
0 Well I don't <i>think</i> it's a programming question per se, but it's certainly a question that only programmers are going to understand, as you wouldn't be using the sharing pricing tier otherwise. 
2 I asked a new version of it on programmers, as I think I'm concluding that it is on-topic: <a href="http://programmers.stackexchange.com/questions/310730/what-is-the-ninja-performance-gap-why-is-it-so-large-and-how-can-we-overcome-i" title="what is the ninja performance gap why is it so large and how can we overcome i">programmers.stackexchange.com/questions/310730/</a> 
1 I'm voting to close this question as off-topic because it's a general question about terminology but I am uncertain if it does belong on programmers stackexchange. 
1 I'm voting to close this question as off-topic because it is a general question about terminology that belongs on the programmers stackexchange 
0 ...neither assumption would hold for independent structures with different fixed array sizes. I have no problem with the idea that when programming constructs exist to do things that programmers need to do, programmers should use such structures rather than nasty hacks. On the other hand, I do have a problem with the idea that a language should forbid hacks to do things which need to be done, and for which the language provides no non-hacky alternative. 
0 Are programmers discouraged from altering the response, since there is no API function that allows one to do this directly? Dumping and resetting the JSON seems to be an inefficient way of adding just one key. 
0 Yes i noticed that after the function would just stop after one object passed the test. Thanks for your help. Ill just start using this function since mostly all functionality is becoming block based(God sent to us Xcode Programmers I swear). I still would like to know how to use NSPredicate for this, ill play around with it for a bit if I get the answer ill post it here 
0 @SQLiteNoob I'm not trying to be impolite, I'm simply asking a community of programmers if they know any solution. On that note, I will create a new post with more information. In addition to this, I asked a question I thought had sufficient information. If you had any intention of helping me find a solution, you could have asked me to be more specific. Instead I am greeted with a person remarking that my question is somehow in violation of policies. Look in the mirror before complaining about other people's attitudes. 
0 @Paulie_D StackOverflow is a platform for programmers to seek assistance from other programmers is it not? Providing they have done enough research to justify the need for assistance... Well, if you read my question in full, you will find that i have done the necessary research but as a result of the variation to the other questions, i was unable to find a solution, hence my post! 
0 @EugenePodskal this question is a <i>very</i> poor fit for Programmers - it would be quickly voted down and closed over there, see <a href="http://meta.programmers.stackexchange.com/questions/6483/why-was-my-question-closed-or-down-voted/6490#6490" title="why was my question closed or down voted">meta.programmers.stackexchange.com/questions/6483/</a> Recommended reading: <b><a href="http://meta.programmers.stackexchange.com/q/7182/31260">What goes on Programmers.SE? A guide for Stack Overflow</a></b> 
0 This boils down to philosophy. Let's take <code>if</code> statement from C. Most people say it is dangerous not to put braces around it. Yet, it is really aesthetically pleasing not to put them. I know a person that never puts them and had 0 bugs connected to it. Braceless if is in the grammar for a reason, the same goes to read-string. It all boils down to cost vs. perceived danger, which is always subjective. You can invent &quot;golden rules&quot; to guide novice programmers, but they are not universally true even if most people adhere to them. 
0 <i>I solved it easily using array lists.</i> -- Yes, but if I were to look at your solution at first glance (and were not told what problem you were trying to solve), I would have to decipher all of those loops and if-else statements to see &quot;ok, he is trying to find the uncommon elements&quot;. However, if I (and other C++ programmers) were to take a look at code that calls <code>set_difference</code>, we know immediately what is being done. Not only that, algorithms <b>never</b> fail if given the right input parameters, thus no debugging is necessary. 
0 I see no point in bloating the code, but good practices were invented to allow clueless people (including programmers) to pretend they have a clue, so... 
0 <b>For (1)</b> By compress do you actually mean <b>re-encode</b> (convert to another smaller format)? Compress could mean make into ZIP file or similar. Read the ffmpeg manual it tells you how. <b>For (2)</b> You can use bit-rate to control size of file (8 bits make 1 byte, etc). Or did you mean size of picture? Just use google and check also ffmpeg manual. Ask programmers here when your input commands are not working as expected.. 
0 &quot;as far as my knowledge is I can't do it programmatically&quot; -- AFAIK, Yahoo Pipes was created by programmers. 
1 Unfortunately this is too broad a topic to discuss on SO. Maybe there is a SE site where this is a more appropriate question to ask? I found this on Programmers, maybe you can leverage off of that and put together a question there: <a href="http://programmers.stackexchange.com/questions/208458/when-should-i-write-integration-tests" title="when should i write integration tests">programmers.stackexchange.com/questions/208458/</a> 
0 My answer is edited now. I hope it will help other programmers. 
0 many programmers get confused by any ternary operator, i myself am used to the .apply structure. I am currently in the situation that I need to make a very big js as short as possible. Apart from that, I am just wondering if my proposed code can work with jQuery. Still didn't receive an answer 
2 Stack Overflow is a question and answer site for professional and enthusiast programmers. <a href="http://superuser.com/tour">Super User</a> is a question and answer site for computer enthusiasts and power users. 
0 A number cannot be binary or 2's complement. Binary is a way of representing a number. 2's complement is a way of representing a number. A number is the number of cars I own, which can be represented in Roman numbers, decimal digits, binary, or any other representation and it will still be the same number. The distinction between numbers and representations is extremely important for programmers to understand. 
0 @Seelenvirtuose this question is a <i>very</i> poor fit for Programmers - it would be quickly voted down and closed over there, see <a href="http://meta.programmers.stackexchange.com/questions/6559/why-is-research-important" title="why is research important">meta.programmers.stackexchange.com/questions/6559/</a> Recommended reading: <b><a href="http://meta.programmers.stackexchange.com/q/7182/31260">What goes on Programmers.SE? A guide for Stack Overflow</a></b> 
1 I would say, it will be off-topic for every site, but the closes match wille be <a href="http://programmers.stackexchange.com/">programmers</a>. 
0 the size of the array is determined at run time. If you want you can use new Programmers[counter] 
2 This site is for programming (code) and programmers tools related questions, not general computer, OS, or software. You're looking for <a href="http://superuser.com">Super User</a> instead. The <a href="http://stackoverflow.com/help">help center</a> has more information regarding the types of questions that are appropriate here. You might want to review them before posting your next question here. 
0 Well yeah, the point was to be useful for the nooby programmers like me, I have no regrets :) 
0 @MikeCAT Real programmers use <a href="https://xkcd.com/378/" rel="nofollow">butterflies</a>. 
0 Tutorial/guide recommendations are not what Stack Overflow is for. You should try Googling around for guides that fit your particular profile. E.g.: &quot;learning Java from C&quot;, &quot;Java for C programmers&quot;, etc. 
0 Take in consideration that I've created a data structure out of the class using <code>programmer[5]</code> (I can have 5 programmers with their own data) 
0 @GOTO0: Sure, but it <i>is</i> possible to infer the coding abilities of a programmer from the code they write. Being an &quot;experienced&quot; programmer is a meaningless qualification, there are far too many <b>terrible</b> programmers with years of experience. 
0 Thank you for your mini-comprehensive response ;-) But let me know if I'm right to say &quot;if a graphics card manufacture wants to actually support OpenGL, it has to provide an OpenGL-compatible driver (one which runs OpenGL commands)&quot;. And one last thing: I still don't know what APIs (how many of them) are there with which programmers can do magical graphical works. I guess each individual OS has its own way of accomplishing that task, right? For example, as far as I know, Windows has DirectX. What about other OSs? 
0 I suggest you use a debugger or add <code>print()</code> statements to figure out what is happening in your code. Debugging is a critical skill for all programmers. 
1 @Nikita No! Programmers is for questions about software development concepts, but not for open-ended discussions. Please read their <a href="https://programmers.stackexchange.com/help/on-topic">on-topic page</a> to understand the scope better. 
1 This quetion is for <a href="http://programmers.stackexchange.com/">programmers.stackexchange.com</a>, not for StackOverflow. 
0 In Java (and all OO languages) <a href="http://www.javatpoint.com/static-keyword-in-java" rel="nofollow">static</a> has a <b>very specific</b> meaning. Using it to mean something else when asking questions of other programmers is not only unhelpful, it is nigh on obfuscation. Further, even without this problem - since when does <a href="http://dictionary.reference.com/browse/static" rel="nofollow">&quot;static&quot;</a> have anything to do with &quot;not JDBC&quot;? Finally, no JDBC okay - but how about the millions of non RDBMS databases out there? 
1 This isn't really a programming question. It's an architectural design question, and possibly a networking question. It <i>may</i> be on topic on Programmers or elsewhere, but as currently written it is not within the scope defined by our help center. 
0 @Aacini: <i>&quot;all of them should deserve some respect from a community of scientists (programmers)&quot;</i> Why's that then? 
0 @meagar: I don't understand what you mean... I know that all of these programming languages are very different and that each one have its own application area, followers, criticisms, etc., but all of them should deserve some respect from a community of scientists (programmers). However, in this site the criticisms on Batch files are very frequent when compared vs. criticism on other programming languages. Worst of all is that frequently such criticisms are upvoted, so I just wonder: why? Perhaps people that don't like Batch files are more numerous, or less respectful, than the rest... 
0 The purpose of interfaces is not to protect programmers from mistakes but to express functionality. You can debate the merits if implicit interfaces in go (I personally like them) but this is not a relevant argument IMO. 
0 @meagar: I don't understand what you mean... I know that all of these <i>programming languages</i> are very different and that each one have its own application area, followers, criticisms, etc., but all of them <i>should</i> deserve some respect from a community of scientists (programmers). However, in this site the criticisms on Batch files are <i>very frequent</i> when compared vs. criticism on other programming languages. Worst of all is that frequently such criticisms <i>are upvoted</i>, so I just wonder: <i>why</i>? Perhaps people that don't know Batch files enough are more numerous, or less respectful... 
0 You should know that this website is not offering programming services. This website is destined to help fellow programmers to overcome their problems while coding. So, if you want to learn more about VBA in order to code this yourself then I suggest getting started by recording macros, reviewing the code and maybe read some more here: <a href="http://www.homeandlearn.org/" rel="nofollow">homeandlearn.org</a> If you are looking for someone to write the code for you then you will probably have to hire someone. This might be helpful to accomplish that: <a href="http://careers.stackoverflow.com/jobs/post">careers.stackoverflow.com/jobs/post</a>. Good luck. 
0 Stack Overflow is a community of 4.7 million programmers, just like you, helping each other. 
0 @MartonPallagi, I was afraid of that. Asker should know the basics!! Programmers are problem solvers and this one couldn't even find these <b><a href="https://www.google.com/#q=as3+remove+object+from+stage" rel="nofollow">google search results</a></b> 
0 This is a Q&amp;A site for programmers and this is clearly a job that could use some coding. But it's obviously not feasible to learn a programming language for a one time task. I think the question is not really answerable unless you provide a little background of what technologies you have available. 
0 I have already tried. This question is more directed to age old programmers who have been in the industry for a long time. So I was hoping for a more user-friendly answer for a beginning audience w/o jargon 
0 @BradSullivan: In huge projects with a lot of code written by programmers of different competence, in different teams over the course of many years, &quot;readability&quot; is not a &quot;nice-to-have&quot; thing. 
0 Can you be more specific? What database? And in case you use a jdbc, youn just summed up all the components to what you want. So give your code, that does not work, and we can help you. This is not the place to state an open assignment to programmers. So try yourselve, and in case it fails, ask. (with the code and the error) 
0 Windows doesn't come with awk. Which awk are you using? And where is your code? The StackOverflow community is happy to help you improve your craft, but most of us are not so comfortable as unpaid short order programmers. 
0 Exactly - He was very clearly on the right track and I just didn't want to take that &quot;eureka&quot; feeling away from him when he figured it out - Those feelings are the best, even for more seasoned programmers. However us it's less about the &quot;it works&quot; but more about &quot;it works well and it's polished&quot;. My two cents anyway. 
0 @christutty this question is a <i>very</i> poor fit for Programmers - it would be quickly voted down and closed over there, see <a href="http://meta.programmers.stackexchange.com/q/6742/31260">On discussions and why they don't make good questions</a> Recommended reading: <b><a href="http://meta.programmers.stackexchange.com/q/7182/31260">What goes on Programmers.SE? A guide for Stack Overflow</a></b> 
0 I removed the &quot;why not different words&quot; question from the title to clarify that this question isn't asking about the language designers' intent, but is really just asking &quot;What does <code>static</code> mean, really?&quot; I think it's a great question that demonstrates good understanding of the language -- most Java programmers would never think to ask this, just treating <code>static</code> as a magic word. 
0 Seems like a tool primarily used by programmers to me. Voting to reopen. 
0 As TortoiseGit is a tool commonly used by programmers, I see no reason why this should be closed. 
0 @shellter Btw, I went at superuser and even unix s.e. and the followers for unison is very low in all of them. I read again the on-topic, it says like 'a programming problem OR software tools used by programmers', so basically, if I am programming and using unison to manage my program files, it can be asked here, or there is something I missed? 
0 I added the python tag to your question such that python programmers can find it. 
0 @DanielA.White hey dude... I just saw at <a href="http://stackoverflow.com/help/on-topic">ontopic</a> that it can be here because it is unison used by programmers! &quot;software tools commonly used by programmers&quot; ... 
0 You started with Python, but your profile states that you learned C in fifth grade and used to work at HP on HP-UX, and your profile also criticizes programmers who &quot;start off directly with languages like Python&quot; and, because of that, &quot;never succeed.&quot; I am confused. 
0 Unless you have a specific issue with the debugger, it's much better to write a Perl script file that shows the problematic behaviour. You're reducing your audience because a substantial number of programmers aren't au fait with the debugger, and even those who know it well would rather not have the noise to contend with on top of the real question 
0 @altocumulus this question is a <i>very</i> poor fit for Programmers - it would be quickly voted down and closed over there, see <a href="http://meta.programmers.stackexchange.com/questions/6483/why-was-my-question-closed-or-down-voted/6490#6490" title="why was my question closed or down voted">meta.programmers.stackexchange.com/questions/6483/</a> Recommended reading: <b><a href="http://meta.programmers.stackexchange.com/q/7182/31260">What goes on Programmers.SE? A guide for Stack Overflow</a></b> 
0 @PreferenceBean Most new programmers will falter on a fizzbuzz question, unfortunately. No need for the cloak and dagger unless you're Google. 
0 I agree with both of you. If we're scratching our heads as to what the intended meaning is, then it is no metric to use to judge programmers in an interview. 
0 Aren't you familiar with the joke? You have 6 programmers and 5 slices of cake. How much cake does each programmer get? 0, of course. 
0 @sabbahillel I agree, but I mention it primarily to prevent professional programmers from seeing this page and thinking it is a good idea to use recursion to find the power of a number. 
0 1) Find the one who wrote this code, and kick him. 2) Find the one who turned this into a test question, and kick him. 3) Tell both of them what <i>actual</i> programmers think of <code>reinterpret_cast&lt;&gt;</code> of a pointer to an integer being the &quot;correct&quot; answer to <i>anything</i>. :-D 
0 It would involve using the <code>lw</code> instruction. I suggest that you download <i>MIPS32 Architecture For Programmers Volume II: The MIPS32 Instruction Set</i>. 
1 You appear to have made a good start in your code by using raw GD functions, but you need to ask a specific question. Your current question is much too broad and SO is not the place for advice (excepting what I've already written). Perhaps <a href="http://programmers.stackexchange.com/">Programmers</a> is more suitable for this kind of conceptual question. 
1 You've got some downvotes, but don't be frustrated about this. If you don't get good answer here, try the <a href="http://programmers.stackexchange.com/">programmers</a> community - it suits better for such questions. 
0 Just to avoid confusion, especially for beginner programmers, a category is not a class. In fact, there is no such thing as <code>UICategory</code>. Categories are merely a way of adding new functionality to existing classes. 
0 I don't understand the close votes because I think that it's contained in: 'software tools commonly used by programmers' point 
0 Sure, no problem. If you are just learning C, spending a hour or two to fully digest the <code>scanf</code> and <code>printf</code> <i>man pages</i> is time will-spent. It will save you tens of hours in the long run. The <code>scanf</code>/<code>printf</code> family of tools are a cornerstone of C (though you should lean toward <code>fgets</code> rather than <code>scanf</code> for input most of the time). Taking time to understand them (especially <code>scanf</code>) is necessary and is probably what causes a bulk of confusion for new C programmers. Keep up the good work. 
0 This is probably just a class assignment, but ponder this: <a href="http://www.kalzumeus.com/2010/06/17/falsehoods-programmers-believe-about-names/" rel="nofollow">kalzumeus.com/2010/06/17/</a> 
0 @KenWhite: Many earlier languages had integer overflow trapping. The present state of C represents the worst of all possible worlds if one is designing applications which have <i>any</i> sort of behavioral requirement on inputs which could cause overflow, since C lacks the ability to express overflow-avoidance code in a way that would grant compilers the same level of flexibility they would have if the language semantics were defined slightly better such that programmers with loose requirements wouldn't <i>have</i> to write overflow avoidance code. For example, if a function is... 
0 And what have you tried? Please understand that StackOverflow is not a code writing service. If you'd like someone to write that code for you, know that there are many programmers willing to do that, and sometimes they will request to be reimbursed for their services to you. 
0 @c-smile I intended that means multiple css properties directed by lots of its parent tags. My explanation would not well match on exact programmers-used words, sorry for it. Hope to be understanded... 
0 Novice C programmers don't write code like that. Experienced C programmers would know to answer their own question quickly. Pick your side wisely. 
0 <a href="http://meta.stackexchange.com/questions/211080/improving-demonstrate-a-minimal-understanding-close-reason/215220#215220">See the &quot;too broad&quot; analogy on this post.</a> We encourage self-motivation so we can all become better programmers -- I'm trying to help you by not being a <a href="http://meta.stackexchange.com/questions/19665/the-help-vampire-problem">help vampire.</a> The alternative is to come on Stack Overflow whenever we have some code we need to write, and have someone else do it for you. And that doesn't benefit anyone. 
1 Thank you @zero323, the programmers forum seems more appropriate. As for your question: While I haven't tried anything specific yet, but I do have a general constraint: I want to use Spark as much as possible. For example, for data parallelism, I want to continue to use Spark. So the architectural degrees of freedom are mainly with regards to the choice of task-parallelization strategy. If this was pure task parallelism, I would have gone with any standard cluster manager software, but since there is a gather phase, and potentially more complex control flow, I need something more ML-aware. 
0 Quoting <code>MIPS32TM Architecture For Programmers Volume II: The MIPS32TM Instruction Set</code>, <code>BNE: An 18-bit signed offset (the 16-bit offset field shifted left 2 bits) is added to the address of the instruction following the branch (not the branch itself), in the branch delay slot, to form a PC-relative effective target address. If the contents of GPR rs and GPR rt are not equal, branch to the effective target address after the instruction in the delay slot is executed.</code> 
0 you are perfectly right ! it was just in case... for lazy programmers ;-) 
1 This type of question is better suited for CodeReview or Programmers. I suggest you <i>carefully read</i> their help center pages about asking and then format your question according to the one that better suits your question. You can ping me if you want another pair of eyes, then flag for a moderator for migration. 
1 Deleting is really the only option... (you can wait for more downvotes/automatic deletion by roomba, but why?). Also before attempting to post on <a href="http://programmers.stackexchange.com">Programmers</a> make sure to read guides linked by @gnat. 
0 @AlexeiLevenkov this question is a <i>very</i> poor fit for Programmers - it would be quickly voted down and closed over there, see <a href="http://meta.programmers.stackexchange.com/q/6961/31260">Green fields, blue skies, and the white board - what is too broad?</a> Recommended reading: <b><a href="http://meta.programmers.stackexchange.com/q/7182/31260">What goes on Programmers.SE? A guide for Stack Overflow</a></b> 
1 Not on SE - some design questions may be on-topic on <a href="http://programmers.stackexchange.com">Programmers</a>, some recomedations on <a href="http://softwarerecs.stackexchange.com">Software Recommendations</a>... But in general no SE sites accept such open-ended discussion. 
2 Not on Stackoverflow, Programmers or pretty much anywhere on the Stackexchange network. 
0 @ukaszMotyczka this question is a <i>very</i> poor fit for Programmers - it would be quickly voted down and closed over there, see <a href="http://meta.programmers.stackexchange.com/questions/6483/why-was-my-question-closed-or-down-voted/6490#6490" title="why was my question closed or down voted">meta.programmers.stackexchange.com/questions/6483/</a> Recommended reading: <b><a href="http://meta.programmers.stackexchange.com/q/7182/31260">What goes on Programmers.SE? A guide for Stack Overflow</a></b> 
1 I think it's better to ask this on <a href="https://programmers.stackexchange.com">Programmers SE</a>. 
0 My test was to tell programmers that if they're choosing <code>===</code> for performance reasons, they're wrong. So programmers are free to choose <code>===</code> or <code>==</code> based on logical reasons but not on performance reasons: there are different cases to prefer the one or the other and performance must not be taken into account at all. 
0 The lonely app.js is just to define the module and define dependencies that might exist at the application level. Lazy programmers put all of the dependencies there, but you really should declare those as far down the hierarchy as possible. Yes, you are correct, pass temp as a parameter. 
0 Don't use <code>Enum.ordinal()</code>. Quoting the <a href="https://docs.oracle.com/javase/7/docs/api/java/lang/Enum.html#ordinal()" rel="nofollow">Javadoc</a>: &quot;Most programmers will have no use for this method. It is designed for use by sophisticated enum-based data structures, such as EnumSet and EnumMap.&quot;. See also Effective Java for a detailed description of why not to use it, e.g. fragility. Plus, the default implementation of <code>Enum.toString()</code> produces the same output already. 
0 Is this a blog post? Most programmers don't have a C++ template that can work well with only a void*. The point of a template is to <i>not</i> use void*. 
0 Everybody likes a standard, it helps programmers to create libraries that run on multiple platforms. Already having 5 very different versions of the standard, no concrete tooling support yet and several platforms lagging badly behind, well, not so much. System.String is core, everybody has to implement it. A class like MessageQueue or Window is not. This probably won't start to pay off until at least a year from now. 
0 @JonSkeet thanks for the ref - I had no idea the spec defined that (and it seems a bizarre definition). Is this specifically so that compilers don't have to do static analysis? Is there some other reason? And ... given the spec is written this way, it would seem there is strong need for a directive/something that lets programmers say &quot;no, you are wrong. If you were to analyse the syntax in more detail, you'd see it. I have. Trust me. Please!&quot; 
0 @fge googling I only found it may be problematic if it is not used properly. Althought the ProcessBuilder is newer and more convenient, I couldn't find any problem with Runtime.exec other than wrong usages by programmers 
0 Presumptuous nonsense. What are these &quot;pre-cleanup instructions&quot; you keep imagining? &quot;I never really read the part of the official ISO C++ standard that specifies this&quot;: you seemingly didn't read any relevant bit as there is none; you are daydreaming falsehoods. C/C++ don't do GC as it would hinder performance for good programmers who don't do stupid things like trying to continue using destructed objects (&amp; anyone who cares can implement it themselves). How did you manage to translate 'I have not bothered to research whether this exists' into 'This does exist, but who knows how it works, lol' 
2 @Mast I'd tend more to programmers but thank you for your suggestion. 
0 @HamzaHasan Don't draw such conclusions. Experienced programmers know why. 
1 I think this question belongs more to <a href="https://codereview.stackexchange.com/">codereview</a> or <a href="https://programmers.stackexchange.com/">programmers</a>. 
0 @Tushar... Stack Overflow is a question and answer site for professional and enthusiast programmers. I have a problem and a release to send asap to my colleague... If you know an answer, thanks, If not... go away :) 
0 @NikBougalis &quot;1980s programming&quot; was a polite way of saying incredibly poor API design, obviously made by the kind of 80s programmers that got all excited by obfuscation and complexity. To create a process which contains all the needless overhead of its parent and to use the same source code for two unrelated purposes is &quot;flat out silly&quot;. Anyone with a hint of common sense would agree. <code>fork()</code> is a remain from an era long before multi-threading was invented. I'm hardly a Unix guru, but I believe the correct way to start a new process nowadays would be <code>posix_spawn</code> and similar sane functions. 
0 I like to add that this is a programmer personal thing, I personally like to create &quot;islands&quot; of classes. Each does it own thing and has a proper interface to the rest of the program. But some programmers like to do everything on the outside. 
0 Real programmers use global state! 
0 SO is a site for programmers to ask for help fixing their programs. I don't know of any good resource that will turn a non-programmer into a programmer overnight. If you need this done quickly, I suggest you find someone to do it for you. 
0 Thanks for the heads up zzzBov I have 42 programmers that work for me in more serious coding however this is one I was doing myself. sorry for the mix up 
0 Give up now. Imagination and Google are two skills that are indispensable to professional programmers. ANY language will do. Pick one: Java and Python have plenty of resources available. 
0 @Backslash36 Of course you're entitled to that view; but you're wrong :D <a href="http://stackoverflow.com/help/on-topic">stackoverflow.com/help/on-topic</a> Granted, I'm sure there are programmers who use tar, that doesn't make tar a &quot;programmers tool&quot;. OK, there's a Linux tag, but that's to help people focus on Linux programming questions (e.g., a .Net developer may not jump on a question about X11 windowing). 
0 Let me explain: I am really disappointed by (the majority on SO) Perl programmers' attitude to one-regex solutions. If a linear pattern is possible, there is no point in splitting it. Especially like here, when you need to match the whole string. (I will remove this in 3 minutes). 
0 Yes, thanks, I just edited first post, duDE answered that a few hours ago but it was since deleted. The problem is that I'm fairly new to vbs and don't get this as fast as programmers would, i'm feeling miserible, already 6 hours I'm on a simple txt write script. It would really be kind of you if you could point out my mistake in the last lines ? 
0 Others, he clearly does not know how to ask because obviously he is new. Instead of criticizing, the comments could have been much more constructive and informative. That being said, @Mohammad Karim, SO is not a place where you ask a question and get codes as a result. SO is a community where programmers help programmers and since others are giving efforts and time to solve your problems, we also appreciate your efforts. Please read the instructions here about how to ask a question in SO - <a href="http://stackoverflow.com/help">stackoverflow.com/help</a> 
0 There is a great thread on Programmers: <a href="http://programmers.stackexchange.com/questions/190482/why-use-a-database-instead-of-just-saving-your-data-to-disk">why-use-a-database-instead-of-just-saving-your-data-to-disk</a>. If you don't need the features DBMS can provide, then, by all means, exclude overhead of using it and store data in files. 
0 Ah, character encoding issues ... the programmers' Achilles Heel. Perhaps start with a charset declaration in the HTML? What charset does the server think it's serving? And what charsets are best suited for emoji work? I really don't know much about those ... 
0 Specifically see: -software tools commonly used by programmers; and is a practical, answerable problem that is unique to software development. This is not unique to software development its a missing visual studio dependancy. This happens all the time for many different programs, its a general software problem, even if your piece of software is programming related, the problem is NOT. 
0 I don't think this question is off-topic. Azure HDInsight is a tool that programmers use. (I don't, so I have no idea about the Spark version there. Even 1.5.2 is pretty old.) 
0 @Crashalot not sure what you mean by 'solve this'? It depends on the purpose you have in mind when you obtain screen resolution. As far as programmers are concerned, Jman012's answer is correct and you render into a 1242x2208 or 2208x1242 space. Heck, that's even the resolution we provide launch images at. The fact that the hardware then down samples this image and displays it on a physical screen with a smaller pixel count would be an 'implementation detail' our code shouldn't even be aware of. 
0 I'm getting confused as to why this happens... For me, there is nothing wrong :\ Isn't stackoverflow a webpage where programmers help each other out? Plus I'm just a student... I haven't master this yet :\ 
0 The truth is that without learning it you'll only relay on your habits, I see a lot of programmers typing with 6/7 fingers, looking at the keyboard... For learning the best is <a href="http://touchtyping.guru" rel="nofollow">touchtyping.guru</a> where you can focus on each letter 
0 Can someone please tell me why this is deserving of downvoting/being closed? I have a problem that I cannot solve, as I haven't found a single piece of D3 documentation that answers this. I thought that there's a good chance that someone from here, a website for programmers, might have encountered this before, and come up with or found a solution. 
0 @Fred-ii- I NEED TO KNOW THE SAME THING FROM PEOPLES WHO ARE ASKING QUESTION? ITS REALLY BAD. IT MAKES PROGRAMMERS TO NOT TO GIVE ANSWERS AND SUGGESTIONS. 
0 I suggest to have a look at: <a href="http://www.kalzumeus.com/2010/06/17/falsehoods-programmers-believe-about-names/" rel="nofollow">kalzumeus.com/2010/06/17/</a> 
0 I'm afraid you are in the wrong place. This is a site for programmers. You could ask for help in <a href="http://superuser.com/">superuser.com</a>. Mind you, you would have a better chance of success if you would go through the help, tour and faq sections of the site. 
2 @GeraldSchneider: Programmers is not a site for &quot;way too broad&quot; questions. If it's too broad here, it's too broad there. 
1 This is way too broad. It might be more suited for <a href="http://programmers.stackexchange.com">Programmers</a>. 
0 @V-R this question is a poor fit for Programmers - it would be quickly voted down and closed over there, see <a href="http://meta.programmers.stackexchange.com/q/6961/31260">Green fields, blue skies, and the white board - what is too broad?</a> Recommended reading: <b><a href="http://meta.programmers.stackexchange.com/q/7182/31260">What goes on Programmers.SE? A guide for Stack Overflow</a></b> 
0 Don't give variables names using the same case convention as objects. Pick a scheme for each and stick to it. I also don't know why C programmers typedef structs so often as it just provides further opportunities for confusion like this. (What am I missing?) 
0 @SK - This is not a place to make appointments with your personal arsenal of free programmers. Show some initiative and write some code yourself. You will find that you will receive prompt, focused help with an actual coding problem. 
0 It would have the value corresponding to the instruction word for <code>addi $t0,$zero, -3</code>. Exactly what the value is should be easy for you to find out; either by using a MIPS simulator (.e.g SPIM or MARS), or by looking up the encoding in <i>MIPS32 Architecture For Programmers Volume II: The MIPS32 Instruction Set</i>. 
0 You do not seem to have a programming question here. Stack Overflow is a Q&amp;A site for programmers, but you can probably get help at one of our sister sites -- <a href="https://unix.stackexchange.com/">unix.stackexchange.com</a> or perhaps <a href="https://superuser.com/">superuser.com</a> for general computer help. Flag your question for moderator attention and request a migration to a suitable site (after checking that a similar question doesn't already exist there, of course; and do check their site policy to verify that your question is acceptable there). 
0 PEAR is a lost cause. It is bloated and full of dependencies. Exactly what Object Oriented code should not be. Serious programmers do not use PEAR which has gone pear shape over the years. You can write your own pager in 30 minutes flat if you know how to write code. Tip: the pager should never produce HTML code. It should instead put the result of its calculations into an array and let another class produce the HTML. That's a good starting point. 
1 I think you'll find better reception by offering some example code and taking your question to <a href="http://programmers.stackexchange.com/">programmers SE</a>. 
0 @markets I don't know about shortcuts but the JIT can certainly take advantage over CPU features ON THE FLY without ever recompiling the program and I don't see why C++ would win over other languages just because it's a system language. you have this thinking that because other languages are more usable than a price needs to be payed, it's bullshit, assembler programmers told the same things to C programmers in the old days and compilers today are able to produce the same level of optimization, sometimes even better but certainly worst at rare times. 
1 It would be better to answer this question on stack for programmers, because it is not code related. 
0 Cmon ismael, he already provided an initial regex which is good enough... To some people, it's like chineese to some people eventhough good programmers... We've all been there at some point xD 
1 @TroyHarvey moreover, this <i>type</i> of question, while still too ill-formed for NPR, would in a perfect world be on-topic on <a href="http://programmers.stackexchange.com">Programmers</a>. It is not, because it's still waaay too broad. 
0 @cat, 1) I'm not afraid of too many answers, only too few would be a problem. Do you recommend a different forum where programmers can discuss real world issues? 
0 I would say that the semantic equivalence of <code>npos</code> to <code>NULL</code> for functions like <code>string::find</code> <i>vs</i> their C ancestors like <code>strstr</code> and <code>strchr</code> could have made it much more attractive for C programmers to adopt C++. 
0 There is a checkbox when asking a question to answer your own question. I figured out the issue before posting, and wanted to help other programmers not waste time finding the answer the hard way. That is what this site is for. 
0 @Amit: Until OP intervenes, we'll have to agree to differ. I understand that the expression is an expression, and that seems to me 100% consistent with the question as to whether the expression will be evaluated more than once. Of course, it is obvious to you and me that it will be evaluated only once, but na&iuml;ve programmers get confused by the three-expression <code>for</code> where the middle (test) expression is evaluated every time. In JS that's normal, but it is very common for beginner C programmers to be chastised for <code>for (int i = 0; i &lt; strlen(s); ++i)</code>, for example. 
0 @Jesper From <a href="http://stackoverflow.com/help/on-topic">What topics can I ask about here?</a> in the <a href="http://stackoverflow.com/help">help center</a>, software questions are allowed if they cover &quot;<i>[...] software tools commonly used by programmers</i>&quot;. Sublime Text, like vim, emacs, Notepad++, etc., is a programming editor, and there are <a href="http://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/sublimetext2+or+sublimetext3+or+sublimetext+or+vim+or+vi+or+emacs+or+notepad%2b%2b">tens of thousands of questions</a> about them on this site that are perfectly on-topic. 
0 @FUZxxl: Nice! That's why tools which are use by the programmers themselves are preferable:-) 
1 your question is not specific enough for this StackExchange forum. try the Programmers exchange <a href="http://programmers.stackexchange.com/questions/309257/what-is-a-web-api" title="what is a web api">programmers.stackexchange.com/questions/309257/</a> 
0 @Assem: So is this the prefered way to solve this type of use case? I mean, the use case should be pretty normal and several other programmers should have had similar cases 
0 @SwedishProgrammer it is a very very little part of a complex codebase with 20+ programmers. I don't want to make big changes on current model. 
0 Dear StackOverflow, Your community consists of some very knowledgeable and helpful programmers, like Shnugo quoted below, and unfortunately, some not very knowledgeable bored ppl who like to ruin many questions with irrelevant and negative comments. I posted a very clear question, with examples and details, knowledgeable programmers were able to give me a lot of help. See below. The latter category of programmers just try to give negative irrelevant feedback. For example - &quot;Maybe you have to explain better about those INT and DATE field&quot;. The ints and date fields have in fact been 
0 There are 5-digit number ZIP codes that exist both in the United States and Mexico. You can't get a <i>single</i> country from a postal code. Likewise, there are ZIP codes in the US that cover multiple towns/cities. It's not a simple as you think ;) Check out <a href="https://www.mjt.me.uk/posts/falsehoods-programmers-believe-about-addresses/" rel="nofollow">Falsehoods programmers believe about addresses</a> for a glimpse into how complicated reality is. 
0 Welcome to StackOverflow! The answer to your question is &quot;Yes, there is a way&quot;. Please have a look at <a href="http://stackoverflow.com/help/how-to-ask">stackoverflow.com/help/how-to-ask</a> for tips on improving this question. In particular, it needs to include the code for <i>your attempt</i> to solve your problem. We are not short order programmers working for free, we are a community of people helping each other improve our craft. 
0 1) Name munging would be more extensive on the static interface, necessarily involving signatures. It is what Stroustrup did no his macro front end. In the case of providing alternative branches into the specialization tree, as inc-a has done here, one could simply suffix them by branch identifier. (Your proposed solution also introduced a new symbol.) 2) The static interface does not support dynamic operations, it also introduces two flavors of oo in the same system. It is not a valid argument that programmers don't need dynamic oo, especially when we already chose to use CLOS. 
0 Note to people voting to close: This is on-tropic because it is about a TOOL that PROGRAMMERS use. 
0 This sounds a bit like a punishment that would be inflicted on programmers in Greek mythology - a Sisyphean task. But +1 because it is nonetheless true. 
0 A relational database is not a software tool. Visual Studio, Xcode and vi are software tools commonly used by programmers. 
0 @trojanfoe Please see <a href="http://stackoverflow.com/help/on-topic">stackoverflow.com/help/on-topic</a> &quot;[..] software tools commonly used by programmers [..]&quot; 
0 This answer should have been downvoted not upvoted, it does not answer the question. It's just popular because so many programmers are opinionated about it. 
0 please help me. programmers 
0 Be aware that just taking the last 'word' from the name will end up with a bunch of problems unless you are manually reviewing the data. This is related to <a href="http://www.kalzumeus.com/2010/06/17/falsehoods-programmers-believe-about-names/" rel="nofollow">kalzumeus.com/2010/06/17/</a> 
0 @user110230 - Here is what is on-topic: (1) a specific programming problem, or (2) a software algorithm, or (3) software tools commonly used by programmers; and is (4) a practical, answerable problem that is unique to software development. That's from the site help. I don't think that this question falls under those. 
0 I understand - just saying it's contentious - some programmers will use the term the way you suggest, and others will think you're making a poorly-phrased mention of abstract classes. See <a href="http://stackoverflow.com/questions/15253642/what-is-the-difference-between-abstract-class-and-pure-abstract-class-in-c">here</a> for a question that shows how the term is not universally understood. 
0 @shafeen: I know... as I said, describing classes as &quot;pure&quot; is not C++ Standard terminology, and will likely be dismissed by other C++ programmers as a tautological reference to the pure virtual function(s) an abstract class necessarily contains. 
0 You might be interested in this: <a href="http://www.kalzumeus.com/2010/06/17/falsehoods-programmers-believe-about-names/" rel="nofollow">Falsehoods Programmers Believe About Names</a> 
0 It might be relevant to xcode programmers who update to OS X El Capitan 
0 Levi, according to <a href="http://stackoverflow.com/tour">the tour</a> this website is intended for professional and enthusiast programmers. I understand you are enthusiast, but if you want people to consider you a programmer and to treat you as such, please consider learning at least the very <b><i>basic terms</i></b> of programming and web design. You will know you have achieved it when your question(s) will not be instantly down-voted. 
0 @LukeHuang SO is not a programming service. It is a Q/A site for programmers to work as a community. It is taken as a given that users will make an effort to <b>learn</b> programming. Based on your comments, I'm not convinced you are trying. Take the time to learn what an anonymous function is and how to use and modify them. 
0 @CuriousOne: almost. Understand that we the programmers do not have full complete control over when or if paint or paintComponent get called, which is why I specifically stated &quot;<i>request&quot;</i> above. If too many repaint requests get stacked up, not all of them will result in painting calls. It makes sense. 
0 Reason these types are not commonly used is likely just lazy programmers (like me) and redundancy, as the standard types actually are much the same. 
0 @Andy In C (and C++), it is both common and good practice to reverse operands like that, to avoid typos. <code>if (NULL = myVar)</code> fails to compile and is instantly caught, whereas <code>if (myVar = NULL)</code> creates a bug that may be difficult to track down depending on what other code is around it. Modern compilers should give you a warning, but many experienced C programmers have already developed the habit of swapping the order. 
0 @2501, the fact that a programmer can work around <code>const</code> is not really the point of this question or the answer. The point of this question and answer is what C syntax can be used to communicate to other programmers as well as the compiler that a particular global variable is to only be changed by specific pieces of code and every where else the variable is not to be modified and to communicate this in a way that allows the C compiler to perform some checks and while maintaining Defined Behavior. Particular C syntax has particular meanings or semantics even if the meaning can be subverted. 
0 yes, this is the solution I've already mentioned in my question. The downfall is that this invokeFunction is not very comfortable to deal with. If you call it like InvokeFunction ('PostProductFunction', $someParams) ; then you must keep in mind that there is a class PostProductFunction in advance. If you use an IDE, it cannot help you with hints, it's easy to make a typo,and it's hard for other programmers to know what kind of strind they should pass, whether it should be the classname or some part of it,or some key in some array, or something else. Maybe there's a way to make it more pleasant 
0 I actually use an IDE, but one day I hope to learn vi, because that's what the &quot;real&quot; programmers use @PreferenceBean 
0 However, the pi boots from a sd card, a laptop has many booting options, your device doesnt. Just the internal flash memory ... and if you mess up JUST ONCE and dont successfully load a working &quot;kernal&quot; so to speak that initializes the usb port, enables usb mass storage device emulation of the internal flash memory (so you can rewrite it) ... thats it !! Its bricked as you wont be able to access the memory again and load the correct code, its not a micro controller, these have dedicated hardware (in-circuit serial programmers) to write the memory directly without involving the processor at all 
0 @PreferenceBean if it supports C89, its all good. What's the problem with using a DOS emulator? Most programmers write code in vi/emacs/ex/notepad and compile from the command line. 
2 @000 As a moderator, that was kinda part of my job. I was never mean about it. If I was mean, I'd laugh at your ignorance of what is and is not on topic, and I'd point out that only an idiot calls any site on the SE network a &quot;forum&quot;. That would be mean. It is also mean to suggest a question that isn't acceptable on a sister site be moved there. I suggest you search for &quot;please do not use programmers as your toilet bowl&quot; on <a href="http://meta.stackexchange.com">Meta Stack Exchange</a>. Go, do it. Learn. Once you know what you're talking about feel free lecturing others about what is and is not right. 
0 @PJTraill I must admit I cannot state any of the above with certainty as I only have part of the source code of the library and some documentation written by an apprentice 10 years ago. Its a mine field, I know. I kept the question very general on purpose to avoid trying to delve into an unsolveable highly specific mess of code that would make legit programmers vomit. 
0 @PeterA.Schneider And for the better of a generation (and more) warnings have either been casted to silence or generally ignored, both by newbies and experienced programmers alike. Because hey, the compiler finished and created a program so it must work right? 
0 You appear to have a network issue with a tool that may occasionally be used by programmers. This isn't exactly related to programming as such. <b>Ignoring that</b> though, your questions is open ended (<i>Is anyone else having this trouble</i>) and vague. It's likely unanswerable in it's current form and even if someone did answer it (<i>yes, I'm also having trouble</i>) it would immediately by useless to anyone else. SO is a Q&amp;A repository of useful information. Your question is a forum (<i>I'd like to participate in a discussion</i>) type question. 
0 &quot;software tools commonly used by programmers&quot;? Or am I missing something? 
0 @bgusach: My <i>guess</i> is that the downvotes are due to lack of research, since <code>dict.items</code> is pretty easy to find in the docs. OTOH, I suppose the official Python docs can be a bit intimidating if Python is your first programming language, since they are aimed at seasoned programmers. 
2 @tyress: This question is too broad for Programmers. &quot;What is the process of object oriented analysis and design&quot; is the subject of an entire book, not a Q&amp;A. 
1 This question is better suited for (programmers)[<a href="https://programmers.stackexchange.com/]">programmers.stackexchange.com/]</a>. Read #5 of <a href="http://stackoverflow.com/help/on-topic">stackoverflow.com/help/on-topic</a> 
0 Welcome to Stack Overflow. Stack Overflow is not a coding service. It exists to help programmers with specific questions related to programming, not complete projects. 
0 @HovercraftFullOfEels this question is a <i>very</i> poor fit for Programmers - it would be quickly voted down and closed over there, see <a href="http://meta.programmers.stackexchange.com/a/6630/31260">How do I explain ${something} to ${someone}?</a> Recommended reading: <b><a href="http://meta.programmers.stackexchange.com/q/7182/31260">What goes on Programmers.SE? A guide for Stack Overflow</a></b> 
0 @zman419: You should have specified this in the question. C programmers tend to think of numbers as <code>int</code> rather than <code>double</code>. I changed the example. 
0 @chux: I'd argue that it would have the opposite effect. At present, 99% of production C code relies upon features which are common to many platforms, but for which there is no &quot;official&quot; Standard. If something can be written in a way which abides by the Standard, or in a way which is clearer and on some implementations faster, and will work on 99.9999% of existing implementations, but which the Standard considers UB, would it be better for programmers to use the first way, or for the Standard to acknowledge the behavior which 99.9999% of implementations already support? 
0 I like this idea yet see a large down side of portability: There are lots of non-gcc C compiler's (and programmers), including maybe one of OP's, that would need to re-write/<code>#ifdef</code> code. 
0 Any hack like that would drain the precious battery power of the watch, so I hope that Apple makes sure it's not available to application programmers. 
0 Close voter: Please note that <a href="https://docs.docker.com/compose/" rel="nofollow">docker compose</a> is a programming tool used by devops to programmatically build development environments. It evolved from <a href="http://www.fig.sh/" rel="nofollow">fig</a> whose stated purpose is &quot;Fast, isolated development environments&quot;. It is a tool for programmers, and therefore on topic. 
0 Great. Glad to be of help (at least with your initial problem). You can accept the answer if it helped you as other programmers looking up this question may find it useful. 
0 I'm looking at this from a simple coding standpoint, finding values for keys is simply not complicated. I didn't look at the gettext src yet, it might not be as easy without extending the parser, since it probably wasn't made with JSON in mind, but you'll excuse me for naively thinking you lesser programmers may have done that already, some time in the past 21 years ;-) 
0 The library you are trying to use was targeted primarily to C# and VB.NET programmers. You can use it from C++ as well but that requires the C++/CLI extensions to deal with the managed classes. Thus the ^ hat. The native C++ interface <a href="https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/hh855364.aspx" rel="nofollow">is here</a>. Harder to find good examples, but this is C++. It is supposed to be harder, otherwise anybody could do it. 
0 Smart programmers, who want exception-safe and bug-free code. Raw pointers have few advantages, <i>particularly</i> as return values and class members. 
0 If you feel you can do better than the JDK programmers themselves, maybe you should apply for a job at Oracle? 
1 Questions about design suit better in the <a href="http://programmers.stackexchange.com/">programmers</a> site. SO is meant to be a place to ask pure technical questions. 
0 You should <a href="http://git.savannah.gnu.org/cgit/gettext.git/tree/gettext-tools/its" rel="nofollow">have a look</a> at how relatively complicated specifying extraction rules in ITS (which is, as far as complexity goes, a problem identical to extracting from JOSN) is, even for simple files, before making categorical, but sadly uninformed, pronouncements about how &quot;fairy easy&quot; it is. It isn't comparable to <code>-kgetmethelocalization</code> at all, neither implementation-wise nor from user's POV. But if you still think it's so easy, we lesser programmers would sure appreciate your contribution to GNU gettext to handle JSON ;-) 
0 Its an important situation that experienced programmers and developers can answer this question that you can find them here in Stack;) 
0 You're the one who claimed that anyone who disagrees with you is weird, Dolda. Real world programmers regularly use <code>&amp;&amp;</code> to work with boolean expressions, and <code>&amp;</code> for bitwise operations, and using one where the other is normally used is misleading, and therefore a source of hard-to-find bugs. You are therefore encouraging a beginner to adopt a bad habit that will be rejected out-of-hand in most professional code reviews. The fact that nm17 feels the need to add a comment to explain using <code>&amp;</code> over <code>&amp;&amp;</code> to his tutor makes the content of that comment part of the &quot;bandwidth&quot;. 
0 @chux: I wish there were a standardized dialect of &quot;mainstream&quot; C, which could be used by programmers who aren't targeting obscure DSPs or other devices. While it's useful to have a form of C available for such devices, they shouldn't be allowed to disrupt the development of a language suitable for mainstream computers to the extent that they do. 
0 This is a very awkward way to use <code>typedef</code>. It is not strictly incorrect, but highly unusual and most programmers will be wondering why you code even compiles. 
1 This kind of topic would be more appropriate on the &quot;programmers&quot; site ... except that it has most likely been asked and answered before, and the reasons are the same for almost any new programming language. Basically, this is not a technical question. Rather it is a decision for &gt;&gt;IT management&lt;&lt; who have the responsibility to take the long view. 
0 This doesn't actually match the supplied code - there is no default and test isn't handled. It is shorter, but isn't (arguably) more readable to novice programmers. 
0 The point I was trying to make is that C didn't implement a lot of the things that languages did now because a lot of them didn't exist at the time, or because they weren't considered necessary for &quot;real programmers&quot; (those that used C). In fact, at the time C was popular, there were a lot of developers around who thought it was too high level and that real programmers didn't use it - they wrote assembly code instead. You can't reasonably ask for documentation about why a committee didn't choose to implement something that didn't exist at the time. C != C# (or even C++). 
0 If you are using a version control system like GIT, you could put the <code>client_secret.json</code>-file in your <code>.gitignore</code>-file, and give all your colleagues access to the Google Developer Console, and have them download it from there. Or you could keep a copy on a USB device and give it manually to the programmers in your office, or store it in environment variables in a production setting. 
0 @LogicStuff can you interpret this in simple terms? I am not a programming major and do not speak the language of programmers yet (: 
1 @CodeCaster That is fair but I find it an interesting question so I thought I will try. I will search in programmers SE (was not aware of it) and if no I will try it there. 
0 30-60 seconds is a very long time and eliminates the obvious. There are only two kinds of issues that could cause such a delay. Network timeouts are around 45 seconds, but should be eliminated when you configure CO to not look for updates. Next one is the common plague, the shrink-wrapped malware that programmers voluntarily install. Disable your anti-malware product and try again. 
0 There are real world environments where returning from <code>main()</code> does not deallocate memory. Not everyone uses operating systems that clean up after processes. In the long run, programmers who rely on the host system cleaning up their memory get into trouble - for example, when moving code into functions that allocate memory repeatedly, but never release it. 
0 This might be of interest to you: <a href="http://programmers.stackexchange.com/a/150787">Programmers Stackexchange - Is it a bad practice to store large files in a database?</a> 
0 You can see this topic : <a href="http://programmers.stackexchange.com/questions/150669/is-it-a-bad-practice-to-store-large-files-10-mb-in-a-database" title="is it a bad practice to store large files 10 mb in a database">programmers.stackexchange.com/questions/150669/</a> 
1 I have seen a similar question of this form on programmers ( <a href="http://programmers.stackexchange.com/questions/139377/current-ios-version-device-statistics" title="current ios version device statistics">programmers.stackexchange.com/questions/139377/</a> ) that wasn't closed. Please move the question there  let the moderators of programmers decide if it's on-topic, not the moderators of Stackoverflow. 
1 You should delete your question here and repost it on programmers. But it will get closed there too most likely. Try the Apple developer forums. 
1 What you are asking is still way to broad, so I agree with the sentiment earlier. You might find <a href="http://programmers.stackexchange.com/">programmers.stackexchange.com</a> a bit more suited to this sort of question. Post on StackOverflow when you actually have some code and a problem to get past. That's what it's for, 
0 Happened to me once when I <a href="http://www.access-programmers.co.uk/forums/showthread.php?t=278505" rel="nofollow">Grouped By a Memo filed</a>. Please read more <a href="http://allenbrowne.com/ser-63.html" rel="nofollow">more</a> 
1 Well, honestly this is not exactly what stackoverflow questions should be redacted, even, Stackoverflow questions are suppsed to be about <i>&quot;code&quot;</i>. Programmers or (even) superuser from StackExchange too might be more appropiate.... Anyways, did you solve the issue or figured it out? 
1 You might want to head over to <a href="http://programmers.stackexchange.com/">programmers.stackexchange.com</a> 
1 @PatrickRoberts move it to programmers than ? there are questions regarding what generators are and iterables, so why not this ? 
1 @Cristik - definitely not math. I think SO is appropriate place... Maybe programmers would be equally good, CS is likely border-line ok. 
1 Reask on programmers SE. 
1 can try other stackexchange sites perhaps, like <i>programmers</i> ( see menu at top of page) ... I'm just being the messenger for what's outlined in the help center guidelines. Likely best to spend part of a day on each trying them out and checking activity in issue tracker and pull requests 
0 Your question may be interesting for all programmers (me included), but it is also off-topic on this site. Shaming people that try to enforce the rules isn't going to make your question less off-topic. 
1 Excellent question but please move to programmers. I hope it does not get down voted. Any way to check if your application is not doing something function pass through a code. I once passed the code of same application and compiled at the other end. I complied fine yet checksum was failing. Can be many reasons mine was new line and space getting added during transfer. 
1 Should this be on &quot;Programmers Exchange&quot; instead? 
1 StackOverflow is not a suitable site for plugin recommendations or opinion answers. You may want to try programmers stackexchange. 
1 @honk Well yeah maybe you're right but from time to time there are questions I'm not really able to tell whether if I should post them on Programmers or on SO. However, if in question I rather post it on SO than on Programmers. ^^ 
1 I think this may be one of the rare SO questions that would actually benefit from a migration to Programmers. Maybe it's not <i>quite</i> clear enough yet, but I think it could get there pretty easily. 
1 First, consider separating your thoughts in paragraphs, it makes for an easier read. Second, it's not clear that you have a specific, programming-related problem that needs a solution. If your present code is working, then this may be a better fit for programmers.se. 
1 Is it also too broad for <code>http://programmers.stackexchange.com/</code>? I may not find anybody that can understand my story about <code>sphinx</code> over there... 
1 This sounds like more of a question for the <a href="http://programmers.stackexchange.com/">Programmers</a> site. Your code looks like it's for Java 1.4; there have been newer versions for over a decade, are you interested in (or already using) those? Or are you truly using 1.4 and should answers stick to that? 
0 Welcome to SO. This is not a free code-writing service. Yet, we are eager to help fellow programmers (and aspirants) with their code. Please read the HELP topics for <a href="http://stackoverflow.com/help/how-to-ask">How do I Ask a Good Question</a>, and also how to create a <a href="http://stackoverflow.com/help/mcve">Minimal, Complete, and Verifiable example</a>. Afterwards, please update your question with the missing VBA code to complete the task(s) you wish to achieve. 
1 As for details of how to approach the problem, your question is just too broad. If you have no idea how to proceed, then the question would be better suited to <a href="http://programmers.stackexchange.com/help">Programmers</a>. Since you should not cross post, if you ask there then you should delete this question. 
0 @Hugo0206 if this is a solution to your question, please mark it as correct for future programmers. Thanks! 
0 Only non-programmers asking for &quot;hacks&quot;. Learn to code first. 
0 Good question. Generally your fellow programmers like to see your own attempt before sending in theirs. 
1 I suggest you repost this question to <a href="http://programmers.stackexchange.com/">programmers.stackexchange.com</a>. 
1 -1 down vote As this calls for opinion and is very broad, it is not a good question for SO. See the section on asking questions linked here. <a href="http://stackoverflow.com/tour">stackoverflow.com/tour</a>. I believe that the more appropriate Stack Exchange site would be programmers which is specifically for questions that require opinion.<a href="http://programmers.stackexchange.com/">programmers.stackexchange.com</a> 
3 Every-time I've asked questions at programmers.stackexchange, I usually get down-voted and closed. Not sure why but understanding how to ask questions over there - and what content is acceptable - is super confusing to me. 
1 sounds like a programmers stackexchange question to me. how you write the bits down on a piece of paper only have to be in a form that the readers understand, if everyone in the room uses the same nomenclature or can translate, then you can write it on the whiteboard and everyone gets it. the HARDWARE issue here is your bit numbering not your byte number. bit numbering, although some big enders do things that little enders dont do, is not an endianness thing, it is separate from endianness 
1 @stu - Well, he emphasizes throughout that it is built on <code>&lt;chrono&gt;</code> and in fact is using standard timepoints. So don't you get time calculations for free from that? BTW - I can see that this question is getting flagged as off topic. Perhaps you can figure out how to migrate it to Programmers or to Software Recommendations? 
1 I think this is wrong forum Martin. This one is more about troubleshooting than exchanging general ideas. I believe <a href="http://programmers.stackexchange.com/">programmers.stackexchange.com</a> would be a better fit. I flagged your question for moderator's attention suggesting migrating it there, so you don't need to do anything 
1 This is a better fit for the Programmers Stack Exchange, and is potentially a duplicate of a couple questions there. See <a href="http://programmers.stackexchange.com/questions/167752/how-to-stop-gold-plating-and-just-be-content-to-release-working-developments" title="how to stop gold plating and just be content to release working developments">programmers.stackexchange.com/questions/167752/</a> , especially DeveloperDon's response. 
1 Improving your infrastructure? Working to improve efficiency? I don't think there is a single word for it. You might have more luck at <a href="http://programmers.stackexchange.com/">Programmers</a> or <a href="http://english.stackexchange.com/">English</a>. 
1 May be its better to ask at <a href="http://programmers.stackexchange.com">programmers.stackexchange.com</a> 
1 You need to narrow down your question. We, are not free software consultants. Having said that, conceptually I recommend treating the credit card processing and the inventory changes as a single transaction. There's nothing in Grails that will do this for you, as this is beyond the scope of GORM/Hibernate transactions. So you'd have to roll your own transactional system on top of GORM and the payments processor. Conceptual questions like this are better suited for <a href="http://programmers.stackexchange.com/">programmers.stackexchange.com</a> 
1 I will also try a different platform like &quot;programmers.stackexchange.com&quot; perhaps, I will have a better reception there. Again, thank you for those who give their consideration and examples or just live and let live. Julie, thank you for your opinion. Dagon, no comment. 
0 I'm voting to close this question as off-topic because stack overflow is not for asking legal questions; we're programmers here, not lawyers. 
1 This should be movet to <a href="http://programmers.stackexchange.com/">programmers.stackexchange.com</a> 
0 Unless there's a special &quot;php twist&quot; I've missed, this is a duplicate of <a href="http://stackoverflow.com/questions/396164/exposing-database-ids-security-risk" title="exposing database ids security risk">stackoverflow.com/questions/396164/</a> . see also <a href="http://programmers.stackexchange.com/questions/218306/why-not-expose-a-primary-key" title="why not expose a primary key">programmers.stackexchange.com/questions/218306/</a> , <a href="http://programmers.stackexchange.com/questions/139450/is-obscuring-obfuscating-public-facing-database-ids-really-a-best-practice" title="is obscuring obfuscating public facing database ids really a best practice">programmers.stackexchange.com/questions/139450/</a> 
0 Is this related to <a href="http://programmers.stackexchange.com/questions/317245/what-do-you-call-a-function-thats-pure-meaning-the-same-input-will-always-retu">Pure function HNQ question on Programmers.SE</a>? 
0 @Minkoo May be it is working. But creation of activity is a bad practice for programmers ! 
1 This might be on-topic on <a href="http://programmers.stackexchange.com/">Programmers.SE</a>, but it's certainly off-topic for StackOverflow. This site is for programming help, not workplace best-practices. 
1 This may belong on <a href="http://programmers.stackexchange.com/help/on-topic">programmers</a> , and not SO.. 
1 No worries. I believe you need to do a sketch of all your code, deciding what function does what, and putting some functions inside others, for using their scope. In case you don't know, there is a SE site, &quot;programmers&quot; (<a href="http://programmers.stackexchange.com/">programmers.stackexchange.com</a>) that is exactly what you need: you can ask about ideas of how to organise your code. You can't ask this here at SO, because here people will just help with problems in the code. Over there, however, they can advise you how to organise your functions. Cheers. 
1 That's probably too general a question for this forum. You could ask for a specific recursive algorithm/procedure that you have &quot;how to make it recursive&quot;. Or you could ask over at <a href="http://programmers.stackexchange.com">programmers.stackexchange.com</a> where they answer more general questions like this. 
1 I think this belongs on <a href="http://programmers.stackexchange.com/">programmers.stackexchange.com</a> 
1 belongs on <a href="https://programmers.stackexchange.com/">programmers.stackexchange.com</a> 
1 I'm voting to close this question as off-topic because the question is about development cycle which should be asked in <a href="http://programmers.stackexchange.com/">programmers.stackexchange.com</a> 
2 To close voters/reopeners - this question is <a href="http://stackoverflow.com/help/on-topic">explicitly not off-topic (questions about tools commonly used by programmers)</a>. Unfortunately, it got bandwagoned by <a href="http://meta.stackoverflow.com/questions/322704/beyond-confused-about-question-and-answer-reception">meta</a>. 
2 It's possible that Code Review would work. I'd be inclined to think Programmers would work. There are various ways to go about this. One such idea would be to use an interface to define common factors, convert values to match the interface declaration (but keep the unique originals at the model level), and then work off of both through the interface declarations. You could then build in comparisons since they'd have the same interface. 
2 Then what is the difference between stackoverflow and <a href="http://programmers.stackexchange.com/">programmers.stackexchange.com</a> ? 
1 Also voting to close. Consider <a href="http://programmers.stackexchange.com/">programmers.stackexchange.com</a> 
0 You may find <a href="http://programmers.stackexchange.com/questions/129296/the-case-for-code-obfuscation">The case for code obfuscation?</a> over at Programmers SE interesting. The answers there pretty much say the same thing as folks here: You can slow down folks trying to read your JavaScript, but you can't make it impossible. 
1 This would be a question you'd typically ask on <a href="http://programmers.stackexchange.com/">programmers.stackexchange.com</a> . There's no real answer to this question, use whatever makes sense and you and/or the people you are working with like to use. 
1 @cwallenpoole, I feel like it might belong between programmers, cs, and academia stackexchanges, but it is hard to decide on a particular one. 
2 @Pekka ty, and programmers.stack? 
2 @lxrec That's a function of the SE software, and all the sites have that. The Programmers.SE was actually opened up for questions like this. I just posted to the wrong one. Think about it; does it really make any sense to have a Stackoverflow and a Programmers.SE? 
